[SPEAKER_10]: Here we are, video game console generation 9, the generation of streaming to and from everywhere, subscription services, and now, quadruple-A games.
[SPEAKER_10]: That's right, Ubisoft's Skull & Bones' Rise from the Ashes has been so successful, it will be the first quadruple-A game, and will clearly become a tentpole in Ubisoft's lineup.
[SPEAKER_10]: This is part of Yves Guillemot's decree.
[SPEAKER_10]: Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki to tell you more about this, and more of two weeks of gaming news, starting right now on the show, wherever gamer has voice.
[SPEAKER_09]: Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
[SPEAKER_09]: Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_09]: It is Orange Lounge Radio and a special shout out to our voiceover guy Jason who does those intros for us every single week and just dropped 4000 bits in the chat.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's a lot of bits.
[SPEAKER_09]: Thank you so much, Jason.
[SPEAKER_09]: Thank you to everybody who's getting that hype train going because we do tape live every Sunday night at The Voice Geeks Network twitch.tv slash VOG Network, usually right after the Bobby Blackwolf show at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific, but Bobby Blackwolf has the night off for another social engagement, but we're all here.
[SPEAKER_09]: I am Rob Roberts, of course, and my pals that join me every week, the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
[SPEAKER_06]: I hope both teams lose.
[SPEAKER_09]: I hope Taylor Swift wins.
[SPEAKER_09]: I think I'm sure everybody's making that joke.
[SPEAKER_09]: But you know, that's that's that's where I'm at.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I could not give two shits about her.
[SPEAKER_09]: Um, what was I gonna say?
[SPEAKER_09]: Here's here's what I really wanted to say.
[SPEAKER_09]: You and I had a very lovely I don't want to say anti Super Bowl brunch but very lovely.
[SPEAKER_09]: Peaceful.
[SPEAKER_09]: We had a superb owl.
[SPEAKER_09]: We had a peaceful alternative this morning.
[SPEAKER_09]: We had a brunch and that was very lovely.
[SPEAKER_06]: We, we, we had a superb owl brunch.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_09]: We sure did.
[SPEAKER_09]: We ate owl.
[SPEAKER_09]: In a place with no TVs.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_09]: I thought that was a great idea to find a place with no TVs and have brunch there.
[SPEAKER_09]: It was, it was great.
[SPEAKER_09]: The only thing that would have made it better would have been drag brunch, but all the drag brunch places have TVs.
[SPEAKER_09]: So, you know, it is what it is.
[SPEAKER_06]: I only just wish that I had brought something for my tummy, but otherwise I think we had a delightful breakfast, brunch, lunch, foodage, and shopping at the glamorous Joanne's.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, here's the part DarkSakura maybe doesn't want to tell you, but
[SPEAKER_09]: Mommy got wine drunk, or mimosa drunk in this case.
[SPEAKER_09]: Hibiscus drunk.
[SPEAKER_09]: Needed a little escort over to Joanne's to walk around a little bit and work off some of that cranberry hibiscus champagne.
[SPEAKER_06]: That was a nice Prosecco.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was good.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, and I've I've I've made no secret of this that ever since gastric bypass, like if I have any alcohol, I'm like insta drunk.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: One thing that people don't know is if it's hard liquor, I sober up really quickly.
[SPEAKER_06]: If it is something bubbly like a champagne or even some wines.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, it's going to last because those bubbles are going to revitalize the alcohol in my system.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think that's that's my theory and I'm sticking to it.
[SPEAKER_09]: I also have a low alcohol tolerance.
[SPEAKER_09]: I have not had the same procedure you have, but I've noticed it ever since.
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, I've always been lightweight, like even in college.
[SPEAKER_09]: But I had my gallbladder taken out a few years, about 10 years, no longer than that shit, probably like 15 years ago, actually, at this point.
[SPEAKER_09]: And when that came out, like my alcohol tolerance dropped significantly.
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't know what the correlation is.
[SPEAKER_09]: But yeah, it's been kind of interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: The thing is that the gallbladder is not, you know, a useless part of the body.
[SPEAKER_06]: It does a lot to regulate your digestion.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: So without it, you know, your your digestion is going to suffer.
[SPEAKER_09]: But that is why I did not consume mimosa.
[SPEAKER_09]: I stuck with my poison of choice, coffee.
[SPEAKER_06]: I had coffee too.
[SPEAKER_06]: That probably helped or hindered.
[SPEAKER_09]: Anyway, let's say hello to somebody unfortunately I didn't have brunch with today, but maybe in the future.
[SPEAKER_09]: Let's say hello to Techmaster Loki.
[SPEAKER_09]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_09]: Hi, Loki.
[SPEAKER_09]: How are you?
[SPEAKER_02]: Good, um, sorry for the delay in the punchline for the joke, uh, for the Ubisoft, uh, quadruple A. Um, the extra A stands for abuse, as in the unaddressed abuses by Ubisoft in their, uh, uppermentionment.
[SPEAKER_09]: I was laughing because I thought you meant like financial or wallet abuse.
[SPEAKER_09]: I didn't think you were going to the dark place with that.
[SPEAKER_09]: So all right.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay, yikes.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right, well, we'll get to that story.
[SPEAKER_09]: And much more later on.
[SPEAKER_09]: Actually, first, what I want to address, I want to address something that you know, came up or didn't come up as the case may be.
[SPEAKER_09]: We did not have a show last week.
[SPEAKER_09]: And this was unexpected.
[SPEAKER_09]: And it's really funny because some people told me that morning like, hey, you didn't have a new show on the feed.
[SPEAKER_09]: Is everything all right?
[SPEAKER_09]: And it's like, no, here's what happened.
[SPEAKER_09]: So for those that weren't aware, because it was a week ago now at this point, but California had some pretty gnarly storms for California.
[SPEAKER_09]: I always have to quantify it with that because people on the East Coast see the rain totals here and they're like, that's nothing.
[SPEAKER_09]: Remember, we're built a little differently.
[SPEAKER_09]: We're built to tolerate earthquakes, but not hurricanes.
[SPEAKER_06]: So everything here is plywood and mud.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: So the storms, unfortunately, we had a show ready to go.
[SPEAKER_09]: Everything was set up and the power went out at my place around 3.30 and it did not come back up until, here's the funny thing, 6.10.
[SPEAKER_09]: So 10 minutes after Bobby's show ends,
[SPEAKER_09]: And we should have been on, the power comes back on.
[SPEAKER_09]: But punchline to the punchline, it went out again nine minutes later.
[SPEAKER_09]: So even if we had like tried like I've been like, oh, rally the troops, let's go live.
[SPEAKER_09]: It would by the time we actually went live, it would have gone off again.
[SPEAKER_09]: And it didn't come back until God probably like 10 o'clock at night.
[SPEAKER_09]: So it was it was pretty late when it came back on.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know, it's funny.
[SPEAKER_06]: I had the migraine to end all migraines, but Dan went out to get me food from The Habit.
[SPEAKER_06]: And, um, I'm wearing flannel by the way, chat, just to say hello to our chat, um, who's discussing about rednecks and wearing flannel.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, um, my, uh, my neighborhood, according to Dan, as he left our neighborhood, the entire neighborhood was, had no power except for my, my block.
[SPEAKER_09]: Lucky You!
[SPEAKER_09]: All around
[SPEAKER_09]: I had just tweeted, I put out a thing that said, hey, I hope you all will join us for our 1000th episode that's going to be on April 7th, I think was the original projected date.
[SPEAKER_09]: And what guests do you want to see?
[SPEAKER_09]: You know, just some type of tweet to just make people aware, hey, we're hitting a really huge landmark in early April.
[SPEAKER_09]: and just just to be clear, we're talking behind the scenes about what kind of special thing we do.
[SPEAKER_09]: Don't expect anything big.
[SPEAKER_09]: We're not going to I'm not seeking a big name to come on the show or anything like that.
[SPEAKER_09]: Maybe some blast from the past and our little family and so forth.
[SPEAKER_09]: That would be delightful.
[SPEAKER_09]: But I'm not trying to aim for getting Reggie Fils-Aimé or something.
[SPEAKER_09]: Um, I really enjoyed how we did the 20th anniversary show where we really made it a celebration of us.
[SPEAKER_09]: Uh, and I, I think that will be great.
[SPEAKER_09]: Um, so we, there's some ideas out there and I think y'all will enjoy what we end up cooking up for episode 1000, which will now be April 14th because I had the audacity to tweet that our thousandth episode will be April 7th.
[SPEAKER_09]: So God said, I'll show you bitch and pulled the plug.
[SPEAKER_09]: So now we're delayed.
[SPEAKER_06]: The more conservative version of that is man plans, God laughs.
[SPEAKER_09]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_09]: So but we really can't delay that another week because unfortunately, if you get into April 21st, now we're at DarkSakura's birthday weekend.
[SPEAKER_09]: And this bitch will be at Disneyland.
[SPEAKER_09]: She wants to get the hell out of town, which I don't blame her.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, yeah, this is me.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm on Big Thunder.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm surprised you're not taking- How was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_04]: My gaming week was oh my god!
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm surprised you're not taking the opportunity while you're down there to swing by Universal and go to Mario World, because I was just thinking, I still haven't been to Mario World.
[SPEAKER_06]: Why would I support the company that supports the Harry Potter theme park?
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, that's right, I forgot you were doing that and that whole thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, I might, but to be honest, Disneyland completely trumps Nintendo World.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe I'll do them both.
[SPEAKER_09]: and Sabra.
[SPEAKER_06]: She's awesome.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I want all the haters to shut the fuck up.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's comic book character.
[SPEAKER_09]: Is this one of the movie trailers they showed during that little little television televised?
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: They announced this like a couple weeks ago.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay, I wasn't aware.
[SPEAKER_09]: I just know a lot of people are very excited about the trailers during the ball kicking game.
[SPEAKER_09]: Deadpool.
[SPEAKER_09]: They have posted that I see them on our discord.
[SPEAKER_09]: Good old Tiger Claw is always on it on our discord over at vognetwork.com slash discord if you want to join us throughout the week.
[SPEAKER_09]: I did.
[SPEAKER_09]: That was I will say
[SPEAKER_09]: TigerClaw was actually the first to put in front of my eyes the trailer for Wicked.
[SPEAKER_09]: Now that got my attention because you know this gay loves a little musical theater, okay?
[SPEAKER_09]: So the fact that Wicked is coming to the big screen with Ariana Grande at that, very excited.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it looks like- To this day, I've only ever read the book.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, it looks like it has a killer cast.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know how I feel about- And of course, the sequel, Son of a Witch.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: Um, anyhow, let's get into our show for tonight.
[SPEAKER_09]: We're gonna do a little something new tonight.
[SPEAKER_09]: I figured why not?
[SPEAKER_09]: We've, you know what, we're 992 episodes in.
[SPEAKER_09]: Let's do a new segment.
[SPEAKER_09]: We've never done this before.
[SPEAKER_09]: So we're gonna try a new game.
[SPEAKER_07]: Ready for Jaredol.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: So let's do it.
[SPEAKER_09]: Tonight's segment we're gonna do is, and by the way, something weird is going on with the website vognetwork.com tonight.
[SPEAKER_09]: I've been getting a lot of timeouts and stuff.
[SPEAKER_09]: So the bar that you see on the right side as you're watching us live on Twitch, it may be a little bit out of sync or take forever to move.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's just, yeah, there it goes.
[SPEAKER_09]: Finally, I hit the button like 60 seconds ago and now it just moves.
[SPEAKER_09]: So just, I'm aware it's some weird blip.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm sure it's just some,
[SPEAKER_09]: DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_09]: rolls around the show is usually pretty locked in save any like super last breaking last minute breaking news which actually was a little bit last week that kind of spills into tonight but don't worry I know what I know there's that big thing y'all every fucking buddies talking about
[SPEAKER_09]: We're gonna get there.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_09]: But first, let's revisit last week and play a little word association.
[SPEAKER_09]: So I'm going to read a headline that we would have talked about last week.
[SPEAKER_09]: And I would like DarkSakura, Loki, and Chat to react with one word responses to sum up your thoughts on the article.
[SPEAKER_09]: Here we go.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay, the first story we would have talked about is
[SPEAKER_09]: over 500 studios are currently developing or working on live service games.
[SPEAKER_07]: Barf.
[SPEAKER_08]: Why barf, Loki?
[SPEAKER_02]: Because all of the live service games that like the majority of the live service games that come out are garbage.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, OneWord
[SPEAKER_09]: Um, good for them.
[SPEAKER_09]: My word would be I'm using a hyphenated word.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm being fancy.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm going to say self harm.
[SPEAKER_09]: Self harm is my word.
[SPEAKER_05]: Don't do it.
[SPEAKER_09]: No, don't do it.
[SPEAKER_09]: And I don't mean to glamorize or do anything like that.
[SPEAKER_09]: The reason why I choose that word, I think you should be able to figure that out, is that this is this is how the industry, namely, boardroom people are choking themselves.
[SPEAKER_09]: Underworld.
[SPEAKER_09]: The next word, or sorry, the next article for a word.
[SPEAKER_09]: The video game Suicide Squad Killed the Justice League was pulled offline for about an hour due to a bug that basically broke the, oh no, the bug would immediately break the, or excuse me, beat the game
[SPEAKER_09]: early on.
[SPEAKER_09]: So it was basically a game breaking bug that would instantly beat the game.
[SPEAKER_09]: But it should be noted this was patched before the game actually released for the US, but by the time it released in New Zealand, which was a little bit earlier, this bug was out there.
[SPEAKER_09]: So one word reactions to that.
[SPEAKER_09]: DarkSakura, I hear you snickering, so I'm picking on you first.
[SPEAKER_04]: Speedrun.
[SPEAKER_09]: I was thinking the same thing.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay, I like that.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: Loki, same word or what do you have?
[SPEAKER_02]: I was gonna say the same one, but I'm gonna say, kind of going back to that first story, Eye Roll.
[SPEAKER_08]: My word would be Pigpen.
[SPEAKER_08]: And the reason why, you remember the character from Charlie Brown, Pigpen?
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: Who had that little fart cloud that followed him?
[SPEAKER_09]: That's the dirt around him.
[SPEAKER_09]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's this fucking game.
[SPEAKER_09]: It has a little fart cloud around it wherever it goes.
[SPEAKER_09]: That is...
[SPEAKER_08]: That is my word.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Next story.
[SPEAKER_09]: Was the mobile exclusive MMO Avatar The Reckoning cancelled?
[SPEAKER_09]: Apparently, there were some strategic adjustments by the developer Arcasaur and Avatar, as in the movie, the series, all that.
[SPEAKER_09]: Avatar Reckoning potentially cancelled.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, you mean the blue people?
[SPEAKER_06]: OK.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes, that.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, one word reaction to that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: So?
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_04]: Looking forward to it.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's not a word.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's not one word.
[SPEAKER_09]: No, I said my word was sad.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, sad.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_09]: It didn't come through.
[SPEAKER_09]: I was gonna taser you for using more than one word.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's a run on sentence with no punctuation or spaces, which means I'm really pissed off about it because I neglected to use any of those things that I always use.
[SPEAKER_09]: Apathy.
[SPEAKER_09]: This is my word.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's less Avatar.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's less.
[SPEAKER_09]: I mean, Avatar's fine.
[SPEAKER_09]: I want to play the console game, but it's just mobile MMOs don't usually do it for me.
[SPEAKER_09]: What?
[SPEAKER_06]: I have I have the game.
[SPEAKER_09]: Do you really?
[SPEAKER_06]: Not not the reckoning one, but I have Frontiers of Pandora.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, that that I would like to check out, actually.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's it's pretty.
[SPEAKER_09]: I bet.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's just it's it's I call it linearly open world.
[SPEAKER_09]: Mm hmm.
[SPEAKER_06]: Unobtainium
[SPEAKER_09]: Niantic is working on a skateboard game called Skate Tricks.
[SPEAKER_09]: Curious
[SPEAKER_09]: That's my word.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm curious, but I'm not totally convinced.
[SPEAKER_09]: But that's my word.
[SPEAKER_09]: DarkSakura, your word.
[SPEAKER_06]: My word's an acronym.
[SPEAKER_09]: NDA.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_09]: Loki?
[SPEAKER_02]: Cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, the video looks cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: Honestly, the video, it's like... The best way to describe it would be, you know how when you're a kid, you kind of imagine, you know,
[SPEAKER_02]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_09]: Alright, our next headline for One Word Reactions is that there's a collaboration happening between Destiny 2 and Mass Effect.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's right, some inspired dress-ups from Mass Effect will be coming to Destiny 2 on February 13th.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's cosmetics, in-game items, like N7 armor of course, apparently a Garrus set for Hunters, a Liara set for Warlocks, and yes.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's that's that's it.
[SPEAKER_09]: So some cosmetics and stuff for Destiny 2 inspired by Mass Effect, which, of course, is a game we have gone on and on and on and on at length about about how much we love it here on this show.
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, at least DarkSakura and I. So that being said, DarkSakura, I'll go to your word first.
[SPEAKER_09]: All I heard was like half a yawn coming through.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's what I give a half a yawn.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's my word.
[SPEAKER_09]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't give a shit about Destiny 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: I would say nostalgiabate.
[SPEAKER_09]: You're going to have to spell that B-A-T-E and make up a new word if you want that to be one word.
[SPEAKER_09]: Nostalgiabate.
[SPEAKER_06]: No hyphen.
[SPEAKER_06]: If you can have a hyphenated word, so can Loki.
[SPEAKER_06]: Fine.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm calling you on that one.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay, then fine.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm going to use another hyphenated word.
[SPEAKER_09]: Reinstalling.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's a single word.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: Wireless Guitar Controller
[SPEAKER_09]: PDP is the company that's making this, and there's a Series X and S version and Xbox One, and then there's a PS4 and a PS5 version.
[SPEAKER_09]: So that was also on our list for last week.
[SPEAKER_09]: So one word reactions.
[SPEAKER_09]: Loki, you first.
[SPEAKER_02]: Goodwill.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because honestly, you could probably find these instruments already at Goodwill.
[SPEAKER_09]: My word would be ozone.
[SPEAKER_09]: DarkSakura, what's your word?
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: That would be okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: Ended with an interrobang.
[SPEAKER_09]: SSJ100 Matt has contributed the word landfill in chat.
[SPEAKER_02]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_09]: I mean, in like, it's, here's the sad thing.
[SPEAKER_09]: Like, I do miss the plastic instrument stuff.
[SPEAKER_09]: And it would be fun to play like once or twice.
[SPEAKER_09]: And like, remember the fun but then after that, it's like, oh, here's this
[SPEAKER_09]: Bullshit taking up space in my room again.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: One more.
[SPEAKER_09]: Here's here's the last one.
[SPEAKER_09]: This is great.
[SPEAKER_09]: Now, remember, this was last week's stories.
[SPEAKER_09]: And the headline we would have talked about last week was two video game leakers have said a Nintendo Direct presentation is coming this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Wrong.
[SPEAKER_09]: Including.
[SPEAKER_09]: including, and I'm naming them, Special Nick, who mentioned this on Nintendo Prime's YouTube channel or whatever, and a reliable leaker named Bill Bill Coon, who posted a message on Twitter about it.
[SPEAKER_09]: So and of course, we already know the punchline that that that turned out not to be true.
[SPEAKER_09]: We did not have a Nintendo Direct last week.
[SPEAKER_09]: So Loki's word is wrong.
[SPEAKER_09]: DarkSakura, what would your word be?
[SPEAKER_07]: Whatever.
[SPEAKER_08]: My word would be... My word would be... That's my word.
[SPEAKER_09]: Unreliable.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_09]: I want to see if anybody in our chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network had a... I agree with Mike, we're being LMAO.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, LMAO.
[SPEAKER_09]: Maybe they're confusing companies.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, maybe.
[SPEAKER_09]: Maybe there was... Oh boy.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like, it's like your, your, your mom, you know, your mom telling you like, oh, there's a Nintendo Direct this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Mom, that's just, that's Sony.
[SPEAKER_09]: Isn't that all the same?
[SPEAKER_09]: It's all Nintendo.
[SPEAKER_09]: There's a new Nintendo coming.
[SPEAKER_09]: Haven't you heard?
[SPEAKER_09]: Mom, it's a PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_02]: That new Nintendo show Halo's coming for season two.
[SPEAKER_09]: They're making another Super Mario movie.
[SPEAKER_09]: I saw it on Access Hollywood.
[SPEAKER_02]: Although I say I say that now and you know, who knows in the very future we could get, you know, a Nintendo Halo or something.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay, well, let's, let's, let's talk about that, actually.
[SPEAKER_09]: So there's been a lot of rumors going around this week.
[SPEAKER_09]: This is okay, I'm gonna just pitch it to Loki.
[SPEAKER_09]: I have thoughts.
[SPEAKER_09]: I want to let Loki start us off.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm pretty sure any of you that follow video games closely are well aware about these rumors and maybe even waiting for our take on it.
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_09]: But let's jump in and talk about what in the actual fuck is happening with Microsoft and Xbox.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like here's the things like a lot of people like blowing this way out of proportion I feel like they're like overreacting to it basically that Microsoft is looking to publish some of their games on multiple platforms other than just the Xbox so for example the rumors are that Indiana Jones the Great Circle and Starfield are coming to the PlayStation 5 and then of course there's also
[SPEAKER_02]: The HiFiRush and Sea of Thieves is coming to I believe PlayStation and maybe even the Switch.
[SPEAKER_02]: Which, I mean, for Starfield that makes sense because I don't know if it's sold as well as they thought it would.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they've talked about in the past how they want to kind of offer multi-platforms, especially for like Call of Duty and all that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Starfield
[SPEAKER_09]: It makes a lot of sense to release Starfield on the PS5 because the reality is the game is not meeting the expectations it originally, you know, despite your personal feelings about the game or anything like that, this game, I don't, I don't know if I would, it would be accurate to say it flopped.
[SPEAKER_09]: But it definitely was made out to be a lot bigger deal than it actually is.
[SPEAKER_09]: But here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_09]: Here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_09]: Diablo 3 got a huge boost after its PC release and its initial kind of crash and burn with the real monkey, real money, excuse me, auction house and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: But you had it right the first time, real monkey, auction house.
[SPEAKER_09]: It had a rough ride at the beginning there, but when it re-released on consoles with the additional expansion pack and all that and had the console release, that's when the game started to get a lot of steam and found another life.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's releasing Starfield on PlayStation 5 would allow people to be able to approach that game with fresh judgment after the patches, after these fixes, after the work Bethesda's trying to do to improve the game, and possibly breathe a second life into this game.
[SPEAKER_09]: So honestly,
[SPEAKER_09]: I think this is actually a great fucking idea if they're going to release Starfield on the PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_09]: Questbuster in chat says Starfield is not generating the kind of hype that its predecessors did.
[SPEAKER_09]: Even some modders wrote it off because of how it was designed.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_09]: PodCulture says worked for No Man's Sky.
[SPEAKER_09]: And, you know, you could draw the parallel there about No Man's Sky was a PlayStation exclusive.
[SPEAKER_09]: It launched on other consoles and it, you know, got a second wind in part because, I mean, of course, all the patches helped too, but.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's kind of the same thing what's happening with this, allegedly, is that the rumor is that they're working on the port and that's supposed to come out after the Shattered Space DLC, which comes out later this year.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it would almost be, I can almost imagine it coming out like almost a year later than the initial release, which you have a lot of these timed exclusives.
[SPEAKER_02]: And yeah, it's a little strange that
[SPEAKER_02]: Sony MLB The Show
[SPEAKER_02]: Of course, Minecraft is on all the platforms, and that's a Microsoft company as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not so unusual nowadays to see something like that.
[SPEAKER_02]: What I think people are pushing it to is they're like, well, if all the exclusives now go to Sony, then what's the point of me buying an Xbox?
[SPEAKER_02]: I think you're jumping the conclusions there.
[SPEAKER_02]: However, though, I think there is something to this because
[SPEAKER_02]: Phil Spencer announced that there's a business update event next week that's supposed to like address this stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I'm wondering what that means necessarily.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we'll have to wait and see, I guess.
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't
[SPEAKER_09]: y'all between the superbowl and these fucking youtubers getting their clicks i have never seen so many straight men with unwashed assholes be so dramatic in my entire fucking life
[SPEAKER_09]: and
[SPEAKER_02]: Stop treating everything like sports teams.
[SPEAKER_02]: These are game consoles.
[SPEAKER_02]: These are corporations.
[SPEAKER_02]: They don't care what your opinion is on this.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's whatever makes sense to them.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, yeah, but I'm saying there's everything.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like politics, game companies, sports.
[SPEAKER_02]: Everybody is like, oh, I got to root for one side and your side sucks.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like, who cares?
[SPEAKER_06]: People also get off on the whole exclusivity thing.
[SPEAKER_06]: You know, like, oh, I have this system and I can play this and you can't.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's very, it's very... Are they like a kindergartner?
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, like, honestly, like, who cares?
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm going to paraphrase something that Bobby Blackwolf, who's on before us, wrote on social media that I thought was very succinct.
[SPEAKER_09]: It put it very succinct.
[SPEAKER_09]: Not everybody can afford to buy every video game console.
[SPEAKER_09]: Those of us that own more than one console,
[SPEAKER_09]: are privileged in a way to be able to do that and own that.
[SPEAKER_09]: Not everybody can spend the money.
[SPEAKER_09]: So people buy the console that they decide, they choose, they weigh the options, they buy the console, and they want to be right.
[SPEAKER_09]: They want to make sure they made the right decision and all the right.
[SPEAKER_09]: So if you're somebody who maybe doesn't have a ton of money and you invested in Microsoft and Xbox,
[SPEAKER_09]: I can see where this news is very jarring because you wanted to be right and you trusted Microsoft and gave the money and all this stuff and now you know according to the internet the world is melting but something very important very important these are all still rumors and that's why it's weird for me to even talk about this because
[SPEAKER_09]: Literally this week, according to what Phil Spencer said, we're going to get some clarity and then we can actually talk about it.
[SPEAKER_09]: Because right now, all of this is smoke, mirrors, clickbait, speculation, and internet gone wild.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I also will say this, I'm going to use an analogy that I've heard many times, is that
[SPEAKER_06]: Opening a pie for other people to have some doesn't diminish your own slice of pie.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_06]: It just means everyone has pie.
[SPEAKER_09]: And SSU 100 Matt just points out the, and this is very fair, Sony influencers know better because when PlayStation games went to PC, we saw these same theatrics going on, but it should be pointed out.
[SPEAKER_09]: Sony had the sense to put their games on PC, which, you know, the vast majority of that is running on a Microsoft platform.
[SPEAKER_09]: So Sony has released games on a Microsoft platform.
[SPEAKER_09]: Think about it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, and here's the thing, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like you are complaining about people getting a chance to play Starfield, like.
[SPEAKER_09]: You should be glad somebody still wants to play it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like it's like, oh, no.
[SPEAKER_02]: What's next?
[SPEAKER_02]: Are they gonna publish Redfall on the PlayStation as well?
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, like, it's... Who cares?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not that gr... It's... It's not a Skyrim, that's for sure.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's pretty underwhelming, and, like... Sure, I'm sure the Indiana Jones game will be great.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't think it's gonna be like, whoa, this is the best game ever, I need to buy an Xbox for this.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's gonna be alright.
[SPEAKER_02]: It'll be probably on par with the Wolfenstein games, but, like...
[SPEAKER_02]: I just, I really don't see what the point is of like arguing about this.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's such a stupid thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're not saying like, hey, the next Halo game we're publishing is going on Sony's platform as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: Then maybe you can get a little upset.
[SPEAKER_02]: But then once again, just because somebody gets to play it on Sony's platform doesn't mean it takes away from you.
[SPEAKER_02]: And hey, maybe there's cross play.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now you get to play with some of your friends that have a Sony PlayStation instead of just your Xbox friends.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, oh no, now we'll have more fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: That sounds terrible.
[SPEAKER_04]: And far from the chatroom, you can have cake or pie or you can have cake pie.
[SPEAKER_09]: Just get PC and wait.
[SPEAKER_03]: I want to do what I do.
[SPEAKER_03]: Have a Mac.
[SPEAKER_09]: I've got to reply and then you won't play anything.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm just kidding.
[SPEAKER_09]: No.
[SPEAKER_03]: No.
[SPEAKER_09]: I had to take the cheap shot.
[SPEAKER_09]: Come on.
[SPEAKER_03]: I can play lots of stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: Especially now with game porting kit, I can pretty much play anything.
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, and on a serious note, I know you do a lot of streaming with cloud gaming.
[SPEAKER_09]: And I think if you really want to look forward, which I think in part, you know, again, we don't know until Microsoft actually fucking clarifies it.
[SPEAKER_09]: But I think there's a lot Microsoft wants to do with cloud gaming.
[SPEAKER_09]: We know that we've known this.
[SPEAKER_09]: Microsoft may be thinking and starting to telegraph a world that doesn't have consoles in the way that we're used to knowing it.
[SPEAKER_09]: They've said a long time ago, Game Pass is where it's at.
[SPEAKER_09]: If you're buying a Game Pass subscription through your Samsung TV that runs a Game Pass app, guess what?
[SPEAKER_09]: Microsoft still wins.
[SPEAKER_09]: If by some grace of God, there is a Game Pass app that lets you play cloud games on your PlayStation 5 on the Xbox thing, a literal Netflix library that Xbox is running, but it's video games on your PS5, if that should come to pass, Microsoft wins.
[SPEAKER_09]: So there is- And I'll be technical.
[SPEAKER_06]: The games that I play through the GeForce experience, they're technically being run off of a virtual PC.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: So, but I really think it's really about cloud to be honest.
[SPEAKER_09]: Um, but I want to respond to this comment in chat because I think this is important.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's, it's, it's up a little ways, but it's been on my mind for a minute where Tiger Claw said, uh, if that happens, Sony and Nintendo will have to release their games on other platforms too.
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, first things first, nobody has to do shit.
[SPEAKER_09]: It may put some pressure on Sony.
[SPEAKER_09]: I think Nintendo that Nintendo Nintendo doesn't have a streaming platform.
[SPEAKER_09]: Nintendo will go bankrupt before they put Mario on PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_09]: Nintendo will go.
[SPEAKER_09]: But if the Wii U did not cause Mario to go to PlayStation, it's not happening.
[SPEAKER_09]: And I'm I don't mean to sound mean, but I just I need people to understand Nintendo is not interested in that ever.
[SPEAKER_09]: Nintendo also has a very key difference between themselves, Sony and Microsoft.
[SPEAKER_09]: Not only are they, by most accords,
[SPEAKER_09]: the greatest game makers in the business, period.
[SPEAKER_09]: They make the best games, better than EA, Ubisoft, Blizzard, Microsoft, Sony, you name it.
[SPEAKER_09]: There's a little opinion in there, but even if you think it's somebody else, you'd be hard-pressed not to say, yeah, but Nintendo's up there.
[SPEAKER_09]: And the other thing is, Nintendo designs their systems unlike the PlayStation and Xbox to be sold at a profit, not a loss.
[SPEAKER_09]: So they make money when you buy a Switch and whatever the Switch's successor will be.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's why they've always lagged behind a little bit in the tech department and the power department is they've always made that decision to make a profit.
[SPEAKER_09]: So they're going to keep moving those consoles by keeping their quadruple A games on that platform.
[SPEAKER_09]: And maybe I will eat my words, but I will probably be dead before I have to because it's not going to happen for at least 25, probably even more, 40 years before something like that ever happens.
[SPEAKER_09]: So remember, Nintendo has a shit ton of cash on hand, and it saved them from the disaster of the Wii U. Anyway.
[SPEAKER_08]: What else on this Xbox topic do we need to discuss?
[SPEAKER_03]: Meh.
[SPEAKER_09]: I think there was one I wanted to mention that there was a like counter rumor, which is weird, but yeah, Phil Spencer said in a meeting, basically that like Microsoft is not stopping making Xbox consoles.
[SPEAKER_09]: That was kind of the latest development of that whole thing.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: I just want to make sure that was out there because I thought I kind of found that an interesting development and it just goes to show seven days from now, we'll have a more educated perspective on all of this right now.
[SPEAKER_09]: This is all just
[SPEAKER_09]: making it up.
[SPEAKER_09]: But I, I swear, some of you need to unsubscribe from certain YouTube channels.
[SPEAKER_09]: Seriously, seriously, you.
[SPEAKER_09]: I really could you do me a favor?
[SPEAKER_09]: Like, honestly, look, we don't charge for this show.
[SPEAKER_09]: We don't ask you to pay for it or any of that stuff.
[SPEAKER_09]: Would you please make it a goal this week to evaluate the YouTube channels that you are subscribed to?
[SPEAKER_09]: And the people that are just
[SPEAKER_09]: milking this for all that it's worth.
[SPEAKER_09]: Will you please consider unsubscribing from that crap?
[SPEAKER_09]: Will you please stop making folks feel like it's okay to just ring the hysteria alarm like this?
[SPEAKER_09]: It's wild to me.
[SPEAKER_09]: Anyway, hopefully none of you were subscribing to that stuff in the first place, but it happens sometimes you accidentally click oops, you know,
[SPEAKER_06]: And I am going to say with any social media, fact check before you repost.
[SPEAKER_09]: And we do not have the facts right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_09]: But it is interesting.
[SPEAKER_09]: I will say when I first first heard about this, which I believe the earliest buzz of this was coming up right before the show last week because I kind of said that earlier as I think there was last minute breaking news.
[SPEAKER_09]: I think the earliest because we we had the whole thing about the physical games.
[SPEAKER_09]: Remember that two weeks ago that Walmart was beginning to scale back on the Xbox games and all that?
[SPEAKER_09]: Sigh...
[SPEAKER_09]: SSJ100 Matt says, damn, my ASMR car detailing channel is subbed to is on notice.
[SPEAKER_09]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_09]: There's there's a time and a place for ASMR.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm not here to talk.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm not here to start a war with ASMR streamers and YouTubers.
[SPEAKER_09]: If that's your thing, fine.
[SPEAKER_06]: Stop it.
[SPEAKER_06]: At least put it in your, like, title if you're doing ASMR shit so I can, like, leave your channel.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's really triggering for me, actually.
[SPEAKER_06]: It really is for a lot of people.
[SPEAKER_09]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, most people, especially if you have sensory issues.
[SPEAKER_09]: Most people on Twitch tag it, so pretty easy to find and avoid it.
[SPEAKER_06]: But not everyone does.
[SPEAKER_09]: No.
[SPEAKER_06]: I hate listening to people whisper.
[SPEAKER_09]: I was going to say, when this news first broke, I did sort of go, oh, is this?
[SPEAKER_09]: And did anyone else have this thought that, oh, all those people Microsoft laid off?
[SPEAKER_09]: They're squealing.
[SPEAKER_08]: And can yeah, can you blame them?
[SPEAKER_08]: Can you blame them?
[SPEAKER_06]: Should squeal more.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: I love that.
[SPEAKER_09]: SD 100 Matt in chat says unsub from those channels and sub to Loki's channel at Loki OLR.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_09]: And please don't forget VOG Network as well.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_04]: Don't forget Jamie.
[SPEAKER_09]: Of course.
[SPEAKER_09]: And me, but you know, um,
[SPEAKER_07]: Also, what?
[SPEAKER_07]: What?
[SPEAKER_07]: Hello?
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, you said, Hey, Rob.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then what?
[SPEAKER_04]: Nothing.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, no.
[SPEAKER_09]: No.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_04]: Jk
[SPEAKER_09]: We're going to be having this conversation more in depth.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then watch Nintendo disrupt the entire thing.
[SPEAKER_09]: That would be so funny.
[SPEAKER_09]: If Microsoft does their thing.
[SPEAKER_09]: They're waiting for that D.Va level mic drop.
[SPEAKER_09]: Microsoft does their thing on Wednesday, and then that night, Nintendo puts out a thing that says, we got a Nintendo Direct tomorrow.
[SPEAKER_09]: Watch Nintendo disrupt this whole fucking thing just because they can.
[SPEAKER_09]: We'll see what happens.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: In the meantime, let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this week or the last two weeks, if you will.
[SPEAKER_09]: And how was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_09]: Sorry, S100 Matt says Nintendo is waiting for the press release via fax.
[SPEAKER_09]: This type of this type of countermaneuver that I get your tech joke, by the way, this countermaneuver has been done before.
[SPEAKER_09]: I point at the infamous E3 after the Xbox One price was unveiled.
[SPEAKER_09]: Sony had three versions of their press event ready to go with three different prices.
[SPEAKER_09]: They were ready for it.
[SPEAKER_06]: This will be Nintendo doing the wig reveal.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: Do not remove your wig unless there is another wig underneath.
[SPEAKER_09]: That would be a good lesson for Phil Spencer to learn this week.
[SPEAKER_09]: Or, or rose petals.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: And your name is Sasha Velour.
[SPEAKER_09]: Now we can get into your gaming week.
[SPEAKER_09]: DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, I beat Ruru no Hiho last weekend, and I don't have a game to replace it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was thinking of either Emerald Dragon or going back to start over on Star Ocean.
[SPEAKER_06]: So in lieu of that, I actually played the new game mode in Dead by Daylight last night.
[SPEAKER_06]: I played the Lights Out mode for Dead by Daylight, and honestly, it was fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I played Pig because, of course, I play Pig.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I had a really good time.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think I also did a hag game.
[SPEAKER_06]: It didn't go as well as my pig games did.
[SPEAKER_06]: But it was really fun, you know?
[SPEAKER_06]: It was... Oh, and because not so many people are playing them, I actually got the exact same SWF a second time, and they're like, oh shit, I bet it's the same pig, and it was me, so they're just like, we give up.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I played Survivor as well with...
[SPEAKER_06]: Pie, Kitsune, Larry's
[SPEAKER_09]: DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_06]: It was pretty jumpy.
[SPEAKER_06]: I had a lot of fun with it as Survivor as well.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I did find that I liked playing Pig because I could see where all of my jigsaw boxes were.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it gave me an idea for the distance on the map.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I think that if I were to go play Hag or something, I would use her little traps to mark landmarks, so that I'd have a general idea where they are.
[SPEAKER_06]: And we played against a couple of Doctors.
[SPEAKER_06]: They were very effective in Larius, but not completely effective.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then of course we had a Legion who was just like, Legion has it made in this mode.
[SPEAKER_09]: So anyway, I'm very curious how the unreal plays in this mode because I really like playing her when I play killer and I just feel like she would be a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: I haven't played her since she got changed.
[SPEAKER_09]: I forgot they changed her.
[SPEAKER_09]: I haven't played her since she got changed either.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'll have to have to give it a try.
[SPEAKER_06]: She was quickly becoming my secondary and then I don't know but Freddy's disabled for some reason.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, yeah, I don't get it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe it's because with the dark mode his dream doesn't work quite well.
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, maybe it's for the best.
[SPEAKER_09]: Maybe they'll delete them.
[SPEAKER_06]: No!
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm kidding.
[SPEAKER_06]: Freddy's my secondary.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm kidding.
[SPEAKER_06]: But, um...
[SPEAKER_06]: I also played Genshin Impact.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm having a lot more fun in that game than I thought that I would.
[SPEAKER_06]: I just went on an exploration fest.
[SPEAKER_06]: I had a lot of fun just running around and exploring.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then I came back and finished up my dailies for reasons.
[SPEAKER_06]: But I'm having a lot more fun with it than I thought that I would.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, really, really good.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then...
[SPEAKER_06]: Honestly, I think that's it for what I played just because I worked 10 hour days and then I had a head part of my toenail removed permanently.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, wow.
[SPEAKER_06]: On my big toe.
[SPEAKER_06]: And my other big toe will be following suit when this one heals so that I do not get ingrown toenails when I do ballet because ballet is very important to me.
[SPEAKER_02]: Been there, done that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, yours were permanently removed with the thumbnail and everything?
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, they tried.
[SPEAKER_02]: didn't work.
[SPEAKER_02]: They tried.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's all jacked up now.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh my gosh.
[SPEAKER_04]: It hurts to walk around for a while.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't get ingrown toenails anymore, but they didn't do it right.
[SPEAKER_06]: They weren't bad, but every time I'd cut them out, they'd get worse.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I just had them take care of it.
[SPEAKER_06]: But the fun thing is that last night I was trying to sleep and I felt like my toe was swelling.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was really pushing on the bandages.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then I was thinking,
[SPEAKER_06]: What if they did, like, one of those hospital games?
[SPEAKER_06]: Like, what was the ones on Wii U?
[SPEAKER_06]: Or Wii?
[SPEAKER_09]: Trauma Center?
[SPEAKER_06]: Trauma Center.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh my god.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: What if they did one that was called, like, America's Next Podiatrist or something?
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, Steam is a large storefront.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's possible.
[SPEAKER_09]: Somebody's made it up by now, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's possible it already exists.
[SPEAKER_06]: DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_09]: In fact, even today, not to get too far ahead of myself, but like Pikmin Bloom and the community day going on to get 10,000 steps is what incentivized me to go take a long walk today.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm still not at 10,000 steps, though, by the way, which is very disappointing.
[SPEAKER_06]: There needs to be something like that for ballet.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know if Dr. Lee has a game like that, SSJ100, Dr. Pimple Popper.
[SPEAKER_09]: LA Monga
[SPEAKER_02]: Uh, my gaming week was mostly editing.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I've been editing this episode for, uh, it's Fever Dream.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that wrapped up at the end of January and I've been editing that episode ever since.
[SPEAKER_02]: Uh, it's been a struggle because I am making something that is either the worst thing I've made or the best thing or both at the same time.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um,
[SPEAKER_02]: It lives up to a fever dream.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that'll be coming out here hopefully very soon.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was trying to get it done this weekend, but I still have a little bit left to do.
[SPEAKER_02]: But we're down to the final bit of the episode.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it'll be coming out very soon.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm sorry for what you're going to witness if you watch it.
[SPEAKER_09]: Sounds fun.
[SPEAKER_09]: Alright, if that's it, then we'll talk about my gaming week.
[SPEAKER_09]: Um, yeah, I guess I don't talk a lot about like the GPS games, but I'm still playing things like Ingress, which by the way, just rolled out bounties, which is very interesting.
[SPEAKER_09]: They now have and you can get a little bit of gear from this.
[SPEAKER_09]: They basically it's interesting how much Ingress has influenced Pokemon Go is in turn influencing Ingress.
[SPEAKER_09]: because basically it's the equivalent of Pokemon quests that you get from Pokestops are now like a thing in Ingress that you get every day.
[SPEAKER_09]: So it's kind of it's kind of cute.
[SPEAKER_09]: I like that they're still putting more stuff in that game, even though I hit max level again in that game for the fourth time, because you can go back and start from the beginning.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's the recursion on it, but I'm not doing it again.
[SPEAKER_09]: Like I'm going to have to have a real good reason to hit that recurse button again.
[SPEAKER_09]: So it's kind of just, yeah, it's changed my outlook and approach on that game a little bit because I don't have to like microfield everywhere I go.
[SPEAKER_09]: And I kind of like that, to be honest, for those that know that gameplay.
[SPEAKER_09]: Pokemon Go, I've actually been playing more of.
[SPEAKER_09]: I was, you know, kind of playing it for a little bit.
[SPEAKER_09]: But I had some nice, I had a nice little cash infusion this week, we'll put it that way.
[SPEAKER_09]: And so I said, You know what, I'm gonna, I'm gonna buy something stupid.
[SPEAKER_09]: DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_09]: Pokemon Go Plus Pluses
[SPEAKER_09]: I did buy one of those because I didn't realize this when those first came out.
[SPEAKER_09]: Not only do they, you know, track your sleep, which I have no interest in doing that.
[SPEAKER_09]: I still feel that I if I'm going to play Pokemon sleep, it needs to use the watch and the Apple health and all that that I already have that tracks sleep more accurately than the Pokemon thing does.
[SPEAKER_09]: So I'm not interested in that end of it.
[SPEAKER_09]: But the Go Plus Plus has an auto catcher.
[SPEAKER_09]: Niantic
[SPEAKER_09]: Final Fantasy XIV
[SPEAKER_09]: Steve
[SPEAKER_09]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_09]: So it's fine.
[SPEAKER_09]: I guess I'll have to watch a summary, something like that.
[SPEAKER_09]: I mean, I played the game.
[SPEAKER_09]: I know what happens.
[SPEAKER_09]: But I like to be I want to be refreshed, right?
[SPEAKER_09]: You got to, you got to go in.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's like, it's like when they release movies in multiple parts, right?
[SPEAKER_09]: You want to go see the first part before you go to the theater or watch the second part or whatever it is.
[SPEAKER_09]: So um,
[SPEAKER_09]: That's, that's how I was feeling about Final Fantasy VII Remake, but I'm really looking forward to Rebirth.
[SPEAKER_09]: Rebirth comes out the day I get home from the cruise.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then thankfully, the way it works out, I have like that whole weekend off to just recover to take a vacation from the vacation.
[SPEAKER_09]: And that is exactly how I plan on spending it is playing that game.
[SPEAKER_09]: So it'll be good.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right, that's it for my Game of the Week.
[SPEAKER_09]: Let's get into some more headlines from the week in gaming news.
[SPEAKER_09]: Loki, this is an interesting little coda to what we talked about at the top of the show, but it's worth talking about anyway.
[SPEAKER_09]: So Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, apparently, there's been some sales data that's come out that looks like- I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_09]: I have to stop for a chat comment.
[SPEAKER_09]: What?
[SPEAKER_09]: DJ Ranma S in chat says, you said, or Esther says something about Pimple Popper.
[SPEAKER_09]: DJ Ranma S says, I was on an episode of her show.
[SPEAKER_09]: What?
[SPEAKER_09]: Like, what?
[SPEAKER_09]: Were you in the background?
[SPEAKER_09]: Or like, somebody that's, were you an actual patient on that show?
[SPEAKER_06]: I have seasons of this show paid for.
[SPEAKER_06]: I need to find.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, okay.
[SPEAKER_09]: He said in the background.
[SPEAKER_09]: I was like, Ranma was on Pimple Popper and I never knew.
[SPEAKER_09]: What?
[SPEAKER_09]: But he says, okay, it was in the background.
[SPEAKER_09]: I was like, we have to stop the shoot for this.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yes, we did.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yes, we did, Loki.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, there's a cosplay episode.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay, so he's probably some compilation.
[SPEAKER_09]: But that's like when I was on Drag Race.
[SPEAKER_09]: And I tell everybody I was on RuPaul's Drag Race.
[SPEAKER_09]: They do a double take.
[SPEAKER_09]: And I'm like, yeah, I was in a deleted scene for season four.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's it's on the web.
[SPEAKER_09]: You can see it on there.
[SPEAKER_09]: But it's a yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: So anyway, sorry Loki, but it was very important that we get clarity because if Ranma was on an episode of Pimple Popper, I would stop this entire fucking show to go pull it up on Amazon Prime and watch it right now.
[SPEAKER_09]: As much as that stuff makes me squeamish, I'd have to see it.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'd have to see it.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: According to a Take-Two Games Q3 financial report, about 77 million Gen 9 consoles have been sold as of December 2023.
[SPEAKER_02]: 50 million, well we know that 50 million Playstations have been sold to consumers already thanks to Sony and so you can kind of do the math and see that basically the PlayStation 5 is selling or outselling the Xbox series consoles 2 to 1.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's fun to do math because then it proves your team is right.
[SPEAKER_02]: and
[SPEAKER_02]: doesn't say.
[SPEAKER_09]: which by the way, so that makes, yeah, I guess it could be, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_09]: Can I go quick?
[SPEAKER_09]: Can I peek around this corner real quick?
[SPEAKER_09]: Do it.
[SPEAKER_09]: What happens with the overdose game that Kojima is making with all this Xbox?
[SPEAKER_09]: Cause that's like a huge exclusive for them is Kojima's overdose game.
[SPEAKER_09]: So what, or OD or whatever it's called.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sony gets their, their game too, remember?
[SPEAKER_09]: But isn't it supposed to be like, it's powered with Xbox cloud and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, you know, like, I'm very sick of hearing their games powered by Xbox Cloud.
[SPEAKER_02]: What did that do to Crackdown 3?
[SPEAKER_02]: Nothing.
[SPEAKER_02]: That game sucked.
[SPEAKER_02]: So like, I, Xbox Cloud, powering a game, that, that literally means nothing.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: To be determined, I guess with this whole thing, but it's, it's something I've been thinking about.
[SPEAKER_09]: What, what, that whole nine minutes at the Game Awards where they took announcing that game, what, what, what happened?
[SPEAKER_09]: A month later, 6 weeks later, here we are.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh yes, outselling.
[SPEAKER_09]: I hate to say it, I don't want to sound like I'm shitting on Xbox because I do love my Series X. I think it's a great console, but are we surprised?
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, like, first off, I don't think it's a big deal.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, it is, like, certainly the numbers don't look great, but when you think about it, like, for me, like, I have an Xbox Series X. I don't use that system at all.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is literally in a box below my desk right now.
[SPEAKER_02]: I use my PC to play literally everything that comes out because all of their games that they release on that console are on PC.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I can see where
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, they're not selling as much hardware, but to them, maybe that's not such a big deal because they have Game Pass, they have people playing those games on PC.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'd be curious to see how that kind of all factors in.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't think we're getting the full picture with just console sales anymore, especially in this year, 2024, where the landscape's kind of completely different.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, I mean, that would almost be like saying, you know, when you're talking about game sales and stuff, it's like, oh, well, they only sold, you know,
[SPEAKER_02]: 250,000 copies physical, you know, it's like, well, but yeah, because they're selling a lot of that digital or as well, you know, they there's a part of that equation that we're not seeing.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I would
[SPEAKER_02]: Wait and see what Microsoft says, you know, as far as what their numbers are or how about this?
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, I mean, yeah, it's cool to have that factoid, but like, does that really mean anything to us?
[SPEAKER_02]: Nope.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because we are consumers and we're not the companies running this.
[SPEAKER_02]: And we're also not like, I don't work for Microsoft.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't get paid on the commission about how many units they sell.
[SPEAKER_02]: I, you know, the fate of their company, it doesn't rest in my hands.
[SPEAKER_02]: So.
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_09]: I mean, again, I feel like there's there's not a lot else to say to this until we hear what Microsoft is planning next week.
[SPEAKER_09]: So I'm just gonna leave it at that.
[SPEAKER_09]: I will move on to something that of course, a lot of people are looking forward to towards the end of the month.
[SPEAKER_09]: And that is the release of Final Fantasy VII Rebirth.
[SPEAKER_09]: Of course, that is on its way.
[SPEAKER_09]: And there was a whole direct that happened.
[SPEAKER_09]: Sorry, not direct.
[SPEAKER_09]: PlayStation State of Play.
[SPEAKER_09]: I mean,
[SPEAKER_02]: It's basically, it's just like, just like their move controllers were original, like, I mean, come on, they were just ripping the format off.
[SPEAKER_09]: So they did an event and it all of course was uh you know at the end they ended up announcing a demo was out and it was coming out today and it's available on the PlayStation Store and a lot of people have been jumping in and playing it.
[SPEAKER_09]: It is the first chapter of Rebirth which is the story I believe of Nibelheim from the original game and what all goes down in that sequence.
[SPEAKER_09]: The interesting thing is they have said that they plan to add to the demo a little more later on
[SPEAKER_09]: Closer to the game's release, which I find kind of a weird way to do a demo, but okay.
[SPEAKER_09]: That all being said, this may surprise you.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh no, here it is.
[SPEAKER_09]: Junon.
[SPEAKER_09]: The demo is going to be updated to extend Cloud Earth, Tifa Barrett, and Red XIII in Junon.
[SPEAKER_09]: No mention about save progress carrying over.
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't know if people have found out if that's the case or not.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm going to say something here that might surprise you.
[SPEAKER_09]: I did not watch the State of Play.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm not going to play the demo.
[SPEAKER_09]: And I did play the demo for Remake.
[SPEAKER_09]: And you might wonder, wait, what's going on, Rob?
[SPEAKER_09]: Is your tone changed?
[SPEAKER_09]: No, it's quite simply this.
[SPEAKER_09]: I would just like to experience the game.
[SPEAKER_09]: when it comes out.
[SPEAKER_09]: because even though the first chapter, I could play it right now, I'm just kind of like, you know what?
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm going to just wait and do the whole thing.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'd rather do that.
[SPEAKER_09]: And I don't really need I don't want to see all the hype on all this other stuff they put in the game.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, Questbuster in chat says the presentation was nice.
[SPEAKER_09]: But at this point, I just want to play it and not hear any more hype.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, I heard they're adding a lot of stuff to it.
[SPEAKER_09]: Like there's a whole little card game in there now, which makes sense of the gold saucers a part of it, you know, they want to kind of tie it to that.
[SPEAKER_09]: And they're doing all these other cool things with it.
[SPEAKER_09]: But I'm just like, you know what?
[SPEAKER_09]: Just bring it on.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'll play it when I play it.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's move on.
[SPEAKER_09]: Something else I could play now that it's available, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, y'all know I love my Super Nintendo, Super Famicom games.
[SPEAKER_06]: And one that I'm sure is common knowledge now is that there were a series for the Satellaview, which was a Nintendo's collaboration that would bring games online through a download service.
[SPEAKER_06]: And the first, they did these Soundlink events
[SPEAKER_06]: And eight of these broadcasts were related to F-Zero.
[SPEAKER_06]: So with the Soundlink event, they had four weeks worth of this.
[SPEAKER_06]: They had Mute, Week 1 was Mute City 1, Big Blue, Death Wind 1, Silence and Sandstorm.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then there were other ones for the next few weeks of them.
[SPEAKER_06]: As this went out, the only one that had been dumped of these was Grand Prix 1.
[SPEAKER_06]: But there was video out.
[SPEAKER_06]: The video was put out by a YouTuber named Kukun Kun, who put recordings of all of the F-Zero SoundLink broadcasts.
[SPEAKER_06]: Recorded in Japan on a Super Famicom Satellaview.
[SPEAKER_06]: When they aired, with the audio, everything.
[SPEAKER_06]: So the videos were there.
[SPEAKER_06]: So what happened is that another user named Flibbity Dibbity had worked on a project for Super Mario Brothers where they called it the Living Leaderboard, where they could take people playing the game and then have all of what happened, you know, basically all of those games running simultaneously and then isolated into what the best run would be to train an AI.
[SPEAKER_06]: He was using a tool called Graphite to train the models.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, you know, it's tool-assisted stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: But another user who was inspired by that was able to reproduce the controller input sequences from Kukunkun's video.
[SPEAKER_06]: and fed them into some sort of game logic device that would basically outline where the character was at any point and then using the VHS footage were able to recreate those tracks.
[SPEAKER_06]: There were other artists involved who were able to recreate backgrounds.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was some pretty amazing stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: And, of course, all of the... There was actually some erroneous data for the tracks that they thought they found in other games, but they turned out to be special tracks.
[SPEAKER_06]: Some of them were in F-099.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, they were able to get some of these items there.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then there were also some, like, what's the word I'm thinking of, different vehicles and sprites that were in the game data for the one they were able to dump.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, basically,
[SPEAKER_06]: It's a mod.
[SPEAKER_06]: At the end of the day, it's a mod.
[SPEAKER_06]: But they were able to do as faithfully as possible.
[SPEAKER_06]: They were able to re-release the entire Grand Prix, all four Grand Prix, for F-Zero.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm sorry, for B.S.
[SPEAKER_06]: Satella View F-Zero.
[SPEAKER_06]: And now it's out as a ROM, or a cartridge.
[SPEAKER_06]: that is called BSF Zero Deluxe.
[SPEAKER_06]: I have it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Not a cartridge version, but I have the game.
[SPEAKER_06]: But F-Zero Deluxe will have four new racing mechanics that were added in.
[SPEAKER_06]: The new cars that came in did not replace the original four.
[SPEAKER_06]: And so those are the Blue Thunder, Luna Bomber, Green Amazon, and Fire Scorpion, which looks very pink to me.
[SPEAKER_06]: There are the leagues that were added to accommodate ten new tracks.
[SPEAKER_06]: So coming from the BS ones, we have Forest 1, Big Blue 2, Sandstorm 1, Forest 2, Silence 2, and BSX League 2.
[SPEAKER_06]: That has Mute City 4, Forest 3, Sandstorm 2, Metal Fort 1, and Metal Fort 2.
[SPEAKER_06]: And records screens have been updated.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's just really like the most complete one.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I'll tell you how I found this was by watching Did You Know Gaming.
[SPEAKER_06]: And they have a very good video about not just what went into recovering these sort of lost levels, but a little bit of the history of Nintendo's relationship that brought about the Satellaview.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it's a really good one.
[SPEAKER_06]: I highly recommend watching it.
[SPEAKER_06]: And if anyone who is in chat is interested, I would gladly link this to you all at this time.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_09]: This is some pretty big news that kind of slipped in throughout the week and all the rumors and stuff, but this is a very big deal in the making, right, Loki?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, Disney's going to be partnering, or they're developing, I guess, a new persistent universe with Epic Games.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're going to be partnering with them.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a $1.5 billion investment.
[SPEAKER_02]: And basically saying that our exciting relationship with Epic Games will bring together Disney's beloved franchises and brands with hugely popular Fortnite and a transformational new game and entertainment universe.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, that's
[SPEAKER_09]: Disney, Disney Fortnite
[SPEAKER_09]: Fortnite Fortnite Fortnite
[SPEAKER_09]: not quite so Minecraft, but it is definitely.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I understand.
[SPEAKER_09]: I got more like Dragon Quest Builders kind of vibe out of it, but it's it's fun.
[SPEAKER_09]: I liked it.
[SPEAKER_09]: So, yeah, I think you'll like League of Fortnite.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, I'm sure it would.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: So I'm very curious to see what Disney and Fortnite kind of come up with with this because you know, we already see some type of like, everybody in the same universe between Dreamlight Valley and Speedstorm.
[SPEAKER_09]: We already have kind of seen like, you know, Disney worlds colliding.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's gonna be very, very interesting.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm, I'm very curious to see where this goes.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I'm curious to see how they what they do to kind of push it to something different.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, it's kind of funny, like, because, you know, there's the whole metaverse trying to create their like or meta trying to create the metaverse stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it's like, I think Fortnite is pulling it off a lot better already.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I mean, they're not even calling it like metaverse because it's
[SPEAKER_02]: And PlayStation Home, where the hell are you?
[SPEAKER_02]: Now's the time to strike, Sony!
[SPEAKER_02]: Welcome to
[SPEAKER_09]: Fortnite has shown its hand as a gaming platform.
[SPEAKER_09]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_09]: I say that and drop $10 on the Ariana Grande skin, so I have no room to talk.
[SPEAKER_09]: Anyway, all right, let's move on and talk about how the FTC still is trying to do something about this whole Microsoft and Activision Blizzard merger.
[SPEAKER_09]: And yeah, no, this isn't stopped because now that Microsoft laid off 1900 people,
[SPEAKER_09]: The Federal Trade Commission is coming in and saying, Microsoft, you are contradicting what you promised to do.
[SPEAKER_09]: So the FTC actually went so far as to file a complaint in appeals court this week saying that the downsizing quote, contradicts Microsoft's representations in this proceeding.
[SPEAKER_09]: And so they have asked for a pause in Microsoft's acquisition of Activision Blizzard.
[SPEAKER_09]: How the fuck do you pause it now?
[SPEAKER_09]: How would that even work now that 1900 people are laid off?
[SPEAKER_09]: That would just it's so what like, I get why the FTC is pissed.
[SPEAKER_09]: But like, wouldn't that be like more of a fine at this point or something else?
[SPEAKER_09]: Like, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_09]: But
[SPEAKER_09]: Anyway, apparently FTC is saying, you know, Microsoft said it would treat Activision Blizzard as a vertical acquisition, saying there would not be a need to do layoffs, there would be no redundancies, and then of course, we all know what happened after that.
[SPEAKER_09]: Now, Microsoft, later in the week, filed a response to the complaint, saying that there is no evidence of harm resulting from the Activision Blizzard acquisition.
[SPEAKER_09]: I know, I thought it too, but
[SPEAKER_09]: They're justifying it by saying this, quote, consistent with broader trends in the gaming industry, Activision was already planning on eliminating a significant number of jobs while still operating as an independent company.
[SPEAKER_09]: The recent announcement cannot be- Yeah, I mean, it's the December firings.
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, I will give Microsoft this.
[SPEAKER_09]: I definitely make a face at all this, but I will say this.
[SPEAKER_09]: We know that a good chunk of the layoffs was because they ended up canceling a game.
[SPEAKER_09]: So Activision, I think it can be implied that Activision may have already be on the on the edge of cancelling this game anyway.
[SPEAKER_09]: They were looking to Microsoft to save it, and Microsoft said, no, cancel it.
[SPEAKER_09]: And so I could say I'm willing to believe Microsoft to that end, that maybe this was a game that was going to get cancelled anyway.
[SPEAKER_09]: But it's it's so hard to predict these things, like we know nothing about it, right?
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: And like the FTC maybe look into like, I don't know, cable company monopolies instead of like this nonsense.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, because honestly, like, it feels like we're wasting a lot of time, like having, you know, things about this that are... You know what the FTC needs to fucking spend their time on?
[SPEAKER_09]: Why don't you go figure out what the fuck happened to Coyote versus Acme?
[SPEAKER_09]: Why don't you go rip off David Zaslav's wig and tell us what's going on over there?
[SPEAKER_09]: That's what I'd like the FTC to look at.
[SPEAKER_09]: But I do want to be clear, to be fair, because I don't want to sound insensitive to the fact, you know, yes, 1900 people lost their jobs and that fucking sucks.
[SPEAKER_09]: So I understand where the FTC is pissed off.
[SPEAKER_09]: If Microsoft said, we're not going to lay people off, then they lay people off.
[SPEAKER_09]: So I do.
[SPEAKER_09]: I want to before I'm like, you know, FTC is wasted.
[SPEAKER_09]: I do understand needling Microsoft on this point.
[SPEAKER_09]: It is something worth needling and getting more explanation about.
[SPEAKER_09]: But I'm also of the reality mindset of like, what what can you possibly do now?
[SPEAKER_09]: The FTC ignores the reality.
[SPEAKER_09]: Strong words.
[SPEAKER_09]: The FTC ignores the reality that the deal itself has substantially changed.
[SPEAKER_09]: Since the FTC lost in court last July, Microsoft was required by UK competition authority to restructure the acquisition globally and therefore did not acquire the cloud streaming rights to Activision Blizzard games in the United States.
[SPEAKER_09]: Additionally, Sony and Microsoft signed a binding agreement to keep Call of Duty on PlayStation on even better terms than Sony had before.
[SPEAKER_09]: That is also a very, in light of everything we talked about at the beginning of the show, it's also very interesting that Microsoft was more than ready and willing to sign these agreements, almost as if they already knew.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hmm.
[SPEAKER_07]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, the plot continues to thicken on that, but I'm not sure there's much more to say.
[SPEAKER_09]: And again, I don't know what could possibly happen from this.
[SPEAKER_09]: What happens?
[SPEAKER_09]: A fine or something?
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_09]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_09]: They should take it out of Bobby Kotick's severance.
[SPEAKER_09]: Can they still do that?
[SPEAKER_09]: I think they should.
[SPEAKER_06]: They could take it out of his ass.
[SPEAKER_09]: Whatever it takes, honestly.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_09]: DarkSakura, you have a fun story for us.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know what fans like from certain dormant franchises and which ones I'd like to see back.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's about Dino Crisis, Okami, Darkstalkers, a few more.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's no results from it yet, but they're calling it Capcom Super Elections 10 Questions for Capcom Fans.
[SPEAKER_06]: I will also link this in the chat room.
[SPEAKER_06]: But yeah, I'm voting on it.
[SPEAKER_06]: You better vote on it too.
[SPEAKER_06]: The more votes, the betterrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
[SPEAKER_09]: Capcom
[SPEAKER_09]: If you were a member of the cast of Capcom Delta, who cares?
[SPEAKER_09]: Where's the fucking game list?
[SPEAKER_09]: That's what I want.
[SPEAKER_06]: Nope.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think this has to do with it.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, God.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_09]: I would be Walking Assistant Robot because my vote is going to absolutely be for Mega Man Legends.
[SPEAKER_09]: If you could learn one special move, what would it be?
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm going to say Hadouken because I think about that when we saw that Mega Man Universe game, how we saw Ryu in that game.
[SPEAKER_09]: and then let's see, Iona 5, a 4, a Switch, Series S, iOS, Steam.
[SPEAKER_09]: Wow, the only thing I don't have is Android.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay, region is United States.
[SPEAKER_09]: Do I really have to answer all this?
[SPEAKER_09]: Date of birth, I'm going to lie.
[SPEAKER_09]: So sorry for those that are trying to track me here.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm going to lie.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right, gender, other, because non-binary people are bad.
[SPEAKER_06]: I like that they're providing other.
[SPEAKER_09]: all right email address required stop this spam bull shit at now.com okay perfect create a card I got wallpaper God
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, cards can be downloaded from the email you receive.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oops.
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, I won't be getting that.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_09]: Do I get to vote?
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: So now that gets you into the election venue on the website.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay, here we go.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, there's Chun Li.
[SPEAKER_09]: Looks like she won a beauty prize.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_09]: Which of the following Capcom games do you like the best?
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, this is hard.
[SPEAKER_06]: Rival Schools.
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, what I like- It's the Japanese.
[SPEAKER_09]: Can I say Mega Man instead of Rival Schools?
[SPEAKER_07]: No.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't put Rival Schools.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I'm lying.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay, then what?
[SPEAKER_09]: Who is your favorite Capcom character?
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_09]: Who is my favorite Capcom character?
[SPEAKER_09]: Tron Bon I do like Tron Bon.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'll go with that.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's a good answer.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_09]: Um, what do you look for in Capcom games?
[SPEAKER_09]: Please select up to three.
[SPEAKER_09]: This is the most boring radio.
[SPEAKER_09]: I thought we were going to get to just answer the fucking question on what we were going to get to see.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm just going to finish this later.
[SPEAKER_09]: I thought we were actually going to get to a list of games.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm doing it right now.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right, fine.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then when you're done with that, you have to vote for the new Whopper.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, my God.
[SPEAKER_06]: What image do you have of Capcom and one of their selections is weird in a good way.
[SPEAKER_06]: Their HQ is in Japan.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: Let's move on and talk about this next story with From Software.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think it's funny, though, that they acquired Acquire because it makes for a great headline.
[SPEAKER_09]: It does make for a great headline.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yes, FromSoftware, their parent company has now acquired the studio that they put out Octopath Traveler as well as other games.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, that's cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, was it No Heroes Allowed VR, Akiba's Beat, Akiba's Trip?
[SPEAKER_02]: They're a smaller, I think, Japanese company.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, Octopath Traveler 2 coming, you know, came out last year.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know what other games they have kind of similar that coming out soon, but... Neat, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know what that necessarily means.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're gonna generate synergies.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's what they put in there.
[SPEAKER_02]: They literally put the office buzzwords.
[SPEAKER_02]: Neat.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm
[SPEAKER_09]: Triangle Strategy
[SPEAKER_02]: They're not as diversifying.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're diversifying.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're going to generate those synergies with existing game related subsidiaries.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, boy.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: I love I love when they throw in all the corporate buzzwords in there.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, you got to love it.
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, speaking of corporate buzzwords, if you want to if you want to see some corporate smoke blown up your fucking ass this week, look no further than what Ubisoft has had to say about the price tag of Skull and Bones, a $70 price tag game, even though there are live service elements that you would expect to see in something a lot cheaper.
[SPEAKER_09]: They are calling the game a quadruple A game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Boo.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yves Gilman.
[SPEAKER_09]: who we could say a lot about, but tonight we're just going to keep it to the fact that he has said that you will see that Skull & Bones is a fully-fledged game.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm trying to see where he said this.
[SPEAKER_09]: It was a Q&A session in an earnings call.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's a very big game, and we feel that people will really see how vast and complete that game is.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's really a full, triple, quadruple-A game that will deliver in the long run.
[SPEAKER_09]: I need to put a trigger warning in front of what I'm about to say.
[SPEAKER_09]: Because honest to God, I thought Trump said this.
[SPEAKER_09]: Because it reads like a fucking Trump quote.
[SPEAKER_09]: Let me read that one more time, and I want you to picture him saying it.
[SPEAKER_09]: You will see that Skull & Bones is a fully-fledged game.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's a very big game, and we feel that people will really see how vast and complete that game is.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's really, it's full, triple, quadruple A game, and it will deliver in the long run.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm sorry
[SPEAKER_02]: Quintuple A game would be.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Skulls and Bones, you know, that those are parts of the body and therefore it's a full bodied game.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I feel that you should all go out there and purchase it and then give us more money with our live service game that we totally won't shut down in a few years once it doesn't do as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm sure that the game will come out buggy or anything and that it won't be like, you know,
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a perfect game.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's an excellent health.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's Doctor Said So.
[SPEAKER_09]: I hate every minute of this segment.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a genius game.
[SPEAKER_02]: I had to identify, they gave me a test.
[SPEAKER_02]: I had to identify five things they wanted me to remember.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was, um, man, woman, pirate, ship, whale.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so I had to repeat it back and it was, you know, they said I was super smart.
[SPEAKER_02]: I answered it better than anybody in the has ever answered it.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so therefore that game is going to be perfect.
[SPEAKER_02]: Perfect game.
[SPEAKER_06]: Please do not compare us with that thing, PodCulture.
[SPEAKER_06]: We are Orange Lounge, not Spray Tan Lounge.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's a bannable comment, PodCulture.
[SPEAKER_09]: You better watch yourself.
[SPEAKER_09]: If we were still on IRC, this is where you would get slapped with a large fish, for those that remember that reference of the old MIRC.
[SPEAKER_09]: I would absolutely- wait, slash me slaps PodCulture with a large trout.
[SPEAKER_09]: Wow, it worked.
[SPEAKER_09]: It showed up in a teller.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay, perfect.
[SPEAKER_09]: Anyway, um, where was I?
[SPEAKER_09]: Uh, let's see.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, DarkTetsuya, who we need to hear DarkTetsuya's opinion because he's actually played it.
[SPEAKER_09]: So because of the beta.
[SPEAKER_09]: So here's the comment.
[SPEAKER_09]: I played in the beta and thought it was fun, but wouldn't go so far as to say it was quadruple A. Oh, we have YsGomont responding to DarkTetsuya in the chat with the following comment.
[SPEAKER_08]: Wrong.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, this is the, it's quadruple A because the sound you make playing is... Anyway, Skull & Bones comes out on February 16th for 70 bucks.
[SPEAKER_09]: And if you order the $100 Premium Edition, the very, this is for very good, very good supporters, very good people that are going to buy this Premium Edition game.
[SPEAKER_09]: Very fine people.
[SPEAKER_09]: You'll get two extra missions, cosmetic items, and a smuggler pass token to unlock the premium battle pass, whatever the fuck that means.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, because of course there's a battle pass on top of this.
[SPEAKER_02]: But two extra missions, so that doesn't sound like that I'm getting the full game for the $70.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, essentially this game is just, you know, Assassin's Creed Black Flag Part 2, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean,
[SPEAKER_09]: Here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm just getting I how do I say this nicely without offending somebody?
[SPEAKER_06]: Don't be nice.
[SPEAKER_02]: Don't preorder games.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm getting big Starfield vibes from this.
[SPEAKER_09]: And you can read into that comment however you like.
[SPEAKER_09]: And if that hurts your feelings, sorry about it.
[SPEAKER_09]: But I'm getting big Starfield vibes from this.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's all I have to say.
[SPEAKER_04]: Anyhow, you know what I'm getting from this?
[SPEAKER_09]: What?
[SPEAKER_09]: Jack shit.
[SPEAKER_01]: And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's time for the Classic Game of the Week.
[SPEAKER_09]: And you know, just to quickly say, you know what I get for talking shit is a little bit of that Skull and Bones music just peaked through on the feed while I was running the bumper there.
[SPEAKER_09]: So I apologize for the inconvenience at this time.
[SPEAKER_09]: Anyhow, let's get to the Classic Game of the Week.
[SPEAKER_09]: DarkSakura, what'd you pick?
[SPEAKER_06]: The classic game is Linkle Liver Story.
[SPEAKER_06]: 1986, developed by Nextech and published by Sega for the Sega Saturn.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is an action RPG.
[SPEAKER_06]: You play a fox girl named Kitsch.
[SPEAKER_06]: As in kitschy.
[SPEAKER_06]: So basically, you get your weapons and stuff in really interesting ways because you have to find seeds and plant them.
[SPEAKER_06]: and then you get them from whatever grew.
[SPEAKER_06]: It is a 2D fully, you know, one of those beautiful Sega Saturn games that shows off just exactly how great it was at 2D graphics, how much more lush the colors and everything were than the 2D games that came out on PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_06]: But you're in a world called Mamuna, and it's inhabited by demi-humans, so, you know, kind of like... It's inhabited by furries, so they're furries.
[SPEAKER_06]: And they're ruled by this guy named Mumma, who uses dark magic and is an authoritarian, of course.
[SPEAKER_06]: But when his powers are waning, he has to find a new source of power, and so...
[SPEAKER_06]: You play Kitsch, who is joining forces with the other Woodland Animals to try to fight back.
[SPEAKER_06]: So she's joined by a Skrull named Ballel and a Rabbit named Lalala.
[SPEAKER_06]: And then her third partner is called Puchimuku, which is a seed that grows throughout the game.
[SPEAKER_06]: And the game was originally supposed to be called RagnaSenti 2 and was supposed to be a sequel to the original RagnaSenti, which was also Crusader of Senti and Soleil.
[SPEAKER_06]: But the company that did this Next Tech, some of the things they were responsible for was, like I said, Crusader of Senti and Ranger X for the Sega Saturn.
[SPEAKER_06]: I mean, not Saturn, but the Genesis or Mega Drive.
[SPEAKER_06]: This was released on March 15, 1996 for Saturn.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it was only released in Japan, but it does have an English translation, which you can find.
[SPEAKER_06]: And the same team that did the game translation also translated the manual.
[SPEAKER_06]: According to Famitsu, Link O'Liver's story sold almost 5,000 copies in its first week.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was given a 26 out of 40, so not like a glowing review, but for Famitsu, that's nice.
[SPEAKER_06]: So it got pretty average ratings, but I think it's just a cute little game.
[SPEAKER_06]: It really is.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's definitely a unique one.
[SPEAKER_06]: They were, it had been misromanized though when they were first publishing stuff about it as Wrinkle River Story.
[SPEAKER_06]: But no, the game title literally says Wrinkle Liver.
[SPEAKER_06]: So that's the game.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's cute, isn't it?
[SPEAKER_06]: Isn't it pretty?
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm getting big Secret of Mana vibes from it in a way, like the way the graphics are.
[SPEAKER_09]: And I admit, I don't know a lot about this game, but it looks really cute.
[SPEAKER_09]: Like I would try this for sure.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, well, who knows?
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe, maybe I'll leave the Super Nintendo realm and move on to the Sega Saturn realm.
[SPEAKER_06]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: Because I do still want to play through Grandia again.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: But um, but yeah, Link will, Link will live her story.
[SPEAKER_06]: You play as furries.
[SPEAKER_06]: The end.
[SPEAKER_09]: I was on that front, DarkSakura, do what's fun.
[SPEAKER_09]: That always, that always should be the answer to any question you're asking.
[SPEAKER_09]: Do what's fun.
[SPEAKER_09]: Do what's gonna motivate you, you know?
[SPEAKER_09]: That's my thought anyway.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, Oh, do you want to go to work?
[SPEAKER_04]: Or do you want to stay in bed?
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay, fun.
[SPEAKER_09]: Maybe that doesn't work every situation.
[SPEAKER_09]: But all right.
[SPEAKER_03]: No.
[SPEAKER_03]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, remember, without the paycheck, you can't pay for fun.
[SPEAKER_09]: So think of it as an investment.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's an investment in your fun.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: We have a few more headlines.
[SPEAKER_09]: We didn't have actually a lot of news this week because people won't shut up about Microsoft.
[SPEAKER_09]: So it's kind of stifled the news this week.
[SPEAKER_09]: But we still have- Or the stupor bowl.
[SPEAKER_09]: We still have a few quick headlines to get to and some maybe last minute stories.
[SPEAKER_09]: And of course, your comments and questions in our listener roundtable, maybe even some calls over on our discord server over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
[SPEAKER_09]: But first, let's do some rapid fire news and some quick headlines.
[SPEAKER_09]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: So apparently it's been leaked who one of the upcoming DLC characters is going to be in the new Suicide Squad game and that is Mr. Freeze.
[SPEAKER_02]: How'd that get leaked out?
[SPEAKER_02]: Well by the game itself actually because apparently a voice line in the game from Brainiac as he's talking to the main characters there was
[SPEAKER_02]: and Harley Quinn.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, this is a live service game, by the way.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is what you get with a live service game where it's just like perpetually going.
[SPEAKER_02]: All we know is companies are greedy.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's why they have live service games.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I guess we'll expect Mr. Freeze to be coming at some point.
[SPEAKER_09]: The industry is killing itself on this live service shit.
[SPEAKER_02]: If they're going all in and they're going to find out that's a mistake.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we'll see what happens.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I mean, if you think about it, let's imagine for a second here, 95 live service games are coming.
[SPEAKER_02]: You do realize that people have, there are first off, a finite number of people in the world.
[SPEAKER_02]: And those people have a finite amount of time.
[SPEAKER_02]: And
[SPEAKER_02]: To play a live service game, you can only play one at a time.
[SPEAKER_02]: So how is a person going to play 95 of these games?
[SPEAKER_02]: So the vast majority of them are going to fail.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is just math.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's just how it works.
[SPEAKER_09]: You have to you have to look at the parallels to the movie industry as well.
[SPEAKER_09]: Not that the movies ever tried necessarily live service and that whole thing.
[SPEAKER_09]: But not every movie necessitates merchandising.
[SPEAKER_09]: Merchandising, merchandising.
[SPEAKER_09]: But in all seriousness, if you were to try to merchandise every movie that was ever made out there, you're gonna end up with a lot of crap in a landfill.
[SPEAKER_09]: Not everything lends itself to that.
[SPEAKER_09]: And not every video game is suddenly going to be something people want to pony up extra money for some will be
[SPEAKER_09]: But that's going to be the same stuff that drives movies.
[SPEAKER_09]: There's talent involved like Hideo Kojima, like him or not.
[SPEAKER_09]: His name is always going to sell a game.
[SPEAKER_09]: Potentially voice acting talent as well, which is why I've said for a long time, one of the best ways we can counter AI in this industry is to lift up art directors and artists that contribute to games and, you know, recognize their work and buy, you know, based on the artists that we see involved with games.
[SPEAKER_09]: and or it's a long standing series like a Final Fantasy or whatever it is that you know is able to sell on names like a lot of movies do like Twister can sell a whole new movie apparently because people just remember the cow scene.
[SPEAKER_09]: So I feel like there's a lot again comparing with movies here and the game industry is going to learn this the hard way.
[SPEAKER_09]: And they already are.
[SPEAKER_09]: What do you think?
[SPEAKER_09]: Why do you think these layoffs are happening?
[SPEAKER_02]: And then, speaking of, well, you mentioned Final Fantasy, but Final Fantasy XIV is finally coming to the Xbox platforms as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: And along with that, we found out that it's going to require players to have a Game Pass subscription in order to
[SPEAKER_02]: Play the game itself.
[SPEAKER_02]: Final Fantasy 11, like way back in the day, didn't even require you to have Xbox Live Gold at the time.
[SPEAKER_02]: Correct.
[SPEAKER_02]: So somebody fucked up.
[SPEAKER_09]: It should not be this way.
[SPEAKER_09]: Somebody fucked up and needs to fix it because the entire Final Fantasy community is looking at this going, wow, way to shoot the Xbox release in the foot.
[SPEAKER_09]: Excellent job.
[SPEAKER_09]: And especially with all this other stuff going on about Microsoft right now, this is not the PR they need.
[SPEAKER_09]: So somebody needs to fix this post haste.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: So well, at least there's other platforms to play it on.
[SPEAKER_09]: PC, for example, PlayStation without PlayStation, PlayStation, or PlayStation Gold or whatever the fuck they call it these days.
[SPEAKER_09]: PlayStation Plus, Plus Gold, Premium Plus, Plus Cloud Plus.
[SPEAKER_09]: Anyway, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, just EVO stuff.
[SPEAKER_05]: So they have announced the lineup for EVO.
[SPEAKER_06]: And it looks like it's going to be Street Fighter VI, Tekken 8, Guilty Gear, Granblue Fantasy versus... It's really tiny.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, you know, I can just read the actual text.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'll start over.
[SPEAKER_06]: Mortal Kombat 1, Street Fighter VI, Tekken 8, Guilty Gear Strive, King of Fighters XV, Granblue Fantasy vs. Rising, Under Night In-Birth 2, Sisselis, and Street Fighter III Third Strike.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hmm.
[SPEAKER_07]: Guess what's not on the list?
[SPEAKER_07]: Melee!
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, I mean that's I don't think that's ever gonna be on the list because they don't like modded Melee and Nintendo's doing their own thing with smash It's gonna happen on July 19th through the 21st in Las Vegas I recommend do not use any of the ride-sharing at all And be prepared to spend a lot of money on food.
[SPEAKER_09]: Pray that there's no Formula One construction going on around that time God, that's still gonna be going on, you know
[SPEAKER_06]: It's so upsetting.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: Anyhow, let's move on and talk about this story, which is that Super Mario RPG on the Nintendo Switch has now outsold the original.
[SPEAKER_09]: I kind of find this fascinating, but apparently Super Mario RPG in its original run sold 2.14 million units.
[SPEAKER_09]: And now, thanks to Nintendo's fiscal report, quarter three for 2024,
[SPEAKER_09]: Super Mario RPG has hit 3.14 million units.
[SPEAKER_09]: Hey, that's pi.
[SPEAKER_09]: So yeah, Super Mario RPG is outsold the original by a million, the remake on the Switch.
[SPEAKER_09]: You know what this means?
[SPEAKER_09]: Sequel!
[SPEAKER_02]: I hope so.
[SPEAKER_09]: Gosh, I'm... You think I'm joke, but I... Who would want to see a sequel to the remake?
[SPEAKER_02]: I would absolutely love it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I bought the remake, but I haven't I haven't played it yet.
[SPEAKER_02]: My kid, I bought it for my son, but I do want to play it because I love the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a great game.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I mean, I would absolutely play a sequel.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: I hope that's where this is headed.
[SPEAKER_09]: I really do.
[SPEAKER_09]: But we'll see.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right, with that being said, let's check out some games that you can play this week.
[SPEAKER_09]: You'll be playing it a little sooner than a sequel to that game as we look at some world release dates.
[SPEAKER_09]: And we will start in the U.S., Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, well, in the U.S., we've got a few things.
[SPEAKER_02]: So Banisher's New Ghost of Eden.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_02]: Dragon Quest Builders on PC.
[SPEAKER_02]: Islands of Insight on PC as well, Ultros on PC, PS4 and PS5, Arzet, the Jewel of Faramore on PC, Nintendo Switch, PS4, PS5 and Xbox Series, Biomutant on Nintendo Switch, Solium Infernum on
[SPEAKER_02]: PC, Tomb Raider 1-3 Remastered, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, Gunvolt Records, Psycroneckle
[SPEAKER_02]: How do you pronounce that?
[SPEAKER_02]: Psychronicle, that's how you pronounce it.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's see, we have Playdup on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_02]: Spirit Hunter Deathmark 2 on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_02]: Legend of Heroes Trails of Cold Steel 3 and Legend of Heroes Trails of Cold Steel 4 on PS5 Mario vs Donkey Kong on Nintendo Switch
[SPEAKER_02]: We have Ricolette on PC.
[SPEAKER_02]: Skull and Bones, that $70 quadruple A game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Gotta go buy it on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, honestly, that's the only game you need, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: Quadruple A. Can't argue with those facts.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well,
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: Sorry, I was just reacting to the news and chat about the little football game and realizing I'm gonna have pissed off coworkers tomorrow.
[SPEAKER_09]: Fantastic.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: Anyway, um, let's move on and talk about what is happening in Japan and the releases there.
[SPEAKER_09]: Gunvolt Records Cycronical
[SPEAKER_09]: Looks like it might be fun.
[SPEAKER_09]: Check that out.
[SPEAKER_09]: Also coming out, we have The Legend of Heroes Trails Through Daybreak on the Nintendo Switch, as well as Front Mission 2 getting a remake.
[SPEAKER_09]: Mario vs. Donkey Kong also releases in Japan.
[SPEAKER_09]: Hint, it's worldwide on February 16th, just like it is releasing here.
[SPEAKER_09]: Checking out the PlayStation 5 for a minute.
[SPEAKER_09]: That same Gunvolt Records is coming out as well on PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_09]: and Cyberpunk 2077 gets a Japanese release, multi-language.
[SPEAKER_09]: I think it's an Ultimate Edition though, so I think this is a re-release also coming out this week.
[SPEAKER_09]: And hey, if you would like to get skull and bones, you want to participate in the quadruple A madness, guess what?
[SPEAKER_09]: The Regular and Premium Edition also headed to Japan.
[SPEAKER_09]: So you all don't get to miss out on paying way too much money for a live service game.
[SPEAKER_09]: Fun.
[SPEAKER_09]: Alright, moving on, DarkSakura, what's coming out in the UK?
[SPEAKER_05]: So on the 13th for PlayStation, we have Ultros Deluxe Edition.
[SPEAKER_05]: On PlayStation and Xbox, we have Banishers, Ghosts of New Eden.
[SPEAKER_05]: On the same for the same DaySkull and Bones Premium Edition.
[SPEAKER_05]: On the 14th for Switch, we have Biomutant.
[SPEAKER_05]: On the 15th for PlayStation and Xbox, we have Small Land, Survive the Wilds.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hubris, Mario vs Donkey Kong, Xbox and PlayStation, Skull & Crossbones
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, with that, we are actually at the end of all of our scheduled stories tonight.
[SPEAKER_09]: So we'll open up the listener roundtable.
[SPEAKER_09]: If you have any questions in our chat or something you'd like for us to talk about, put that on in over twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_09]: I know we have less folks tonight than we usually do because you know, there's yay sports going on on TV.
[SPEAKER_09]: Or as I like to say, yay appetizers and food.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's the best part of anything on this day is all the food that people make because people go crazy.
[SPEAKER_09]: But also Bobby Blackwolf, of course, wasn't on tonight either.
[SPEAKER_09]: So it's just us holding it down here at VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_09]: As a reminder, we will be here next week.
[SPEAKER_09]: We will not be here in two weeks.
[SPEAKER_09]: And that was already planned and already factors into the April 14th equation for our thousandth episode.
[SPEAKER_09]: That was the pre-planned week I'm going to have off because I'm going to be on a cruise.
[SPEAKER_09]: As I've talked about before on the show, the Star Trek cruise, so won't be here that weekend.
[SPEAKER_09]: I know that's a very random weekend at the end of February, but life, it happens and goes on.
[SPEAKER_09]: So I don't know if DarkSakura will be streaming or something, or if Loki will be up to no good.
[SPEAKER_09]: Probably will.
[SPEAKER_09]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, there's that.
[SPEAKER_09]: I will also invite you if you want to join our discord over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
[SPEAKER_09]: And if you want to give us a call, you can hop in the green room, which I think is still there.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, I didn't even see somebody's waiting in there.
[SPEAKER_09]: I did not scroll down far enough on my computer to see what there's nothing in the mailbox.
[SPEAKER_06]: So
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, not the sad music.
[SPEAKER_09]: Turn it off.
[SPEAKER_09]: Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us an email for a future week.
[SPEAKER_09]: Hey, but at least we get to take a phone call.
[SPEAKER_09]: Let's do it.
[SPEAKER_09]: Hi, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_07]: Hola.
[SPEAKER_07]: You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_00]: Is that Ranma?
[SPEAKER_00]: What the heck?
[SPEAKER_09]: Can you hear us?
[SPEAKER_09]: Because we can hear you swearing over there.
[SPEAKER_09]: Uh oh, his brain just exploded.
[SPEAKER_00]: I cannot hear anybody.
[SPEAKER_00]: What the heck is going on here?
[SPEAKER_00]: I am so sorry, okay?
[SPEAKER_00]: I can't hear anybody.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know what the heck's going on.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm gonna mess around with my settings.
[SPEAKER_00]: I honestly don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: Get your thought out.
[SPEAKER_00]: There we go.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know what the heck is going on with my computer today.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: Loki said this is what you get for watching sports.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, I'm only a sports fan when there are certain teams involved or just because.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's all.
[SPEAKER_00]: And you were down for the 40 whiners?
[SPEAKER_00]: I have a specific reason for that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_00]: A close friend of mine is because his father was a big 49ers fan and he lost his father a few years back.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I'm like a support bro for him.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay, that's fair.
[SPEAKER_09]: But I just want a chicken wing.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hey, I had I had spinach dip and that makes me happy.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, today is not it's not Super Bowl Sunday.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's national seven layer bean dip day.
[SPEAKER_09]: Just so we're clear.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's the Super Bowl when you eat yourself into a stupor.
[SPEAKER_09]: All good.
[SPEAKER_09]: All that crap aside, Ranma, what is really on your mind tonight?
[SPEAKER_00]: Alright, I figured I'd call in and kinda give like a brief explanation about my cameo appearance and I want to say something about Microsoft and all of that.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yes, please.
[SPEAKER_09]: First, I want to explain for the podcast listeners, Ranma has an amazing shirt on tonight.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's a Dr. Mario shirt, and he's holding his thumb up, and he has this, like, A expression.
[SPEAKER_09]: Almost looks like Fonzie from Happy Days.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yes, I know that reference is dated, but, like, Dr. Mario is that.
[SPEAKER_09]: It looks really good.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, is it a house parody?
[SPEAKER_09]: Or Breaking Bad?
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes, it is.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, it's a house parody.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's what it is.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, okay.
[SPEAKER_09]: I get it now.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm a little slow, but thank you for explaining the joke to me.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right, Ranma, you want to comment on your appearance on national television?
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, and I want to say the anniversary of that taping is coming up in like three days.
[SPEAKER_00]: This all happened on Valentine's Day, like six, seven years ago.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know exactly the date.
[SPEAKER_09]: Do you know how many years ago, here come my quotey fingers, I was on Drag Race, quotey fingers?
[SPEAKER_09]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_00]: Alright, to summarize, a former friend asked me and a few others to travel up to Philly for the taping because she has these- she had these keloids on her ears and nobody wanted to touch them.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nobody.
[SPEAKER_00]: So she wrote to Dr. Pimple and hopes as to be the savior.
[SPEAKER_00]: And- Dr. Lee is a good person, okay?
[SPEAKER_00]: Definitely.
[SPEAKER_00]: So, she got picked, and asked me and a couple of people, and I'm like, well, I'm single on Valentine's Day, I ain't going anywhere, I'll hop a Greyhound bus and go to Philly for the day, why not?
[SPEAKER_00]: And since they kinda themed it as we're all cosplayers hanging out and stuff like that, and that's what we did, I showed up as Ayuigi, which is actually Luigi, but they had to put tape over the L so that they wouldn't get CND'd by Nintendo.
[SPEAKER_00]: If you watch the episode, you'll see me sitting there and you'll see tape on my head that looks like an eye.
[SPEAKER_06]: And don't watch the clip version that's online because it doesn't show you at all.
[SPEAKER_06]: Watch it on the app.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's all there is.
[SPEAKER_00]: I was just there as a support friend.
[SPEAKER_00]: Just agreeing along with everything.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think I said something but probably got cut at the end.
[SPEAKER_00]: I can say that he had the surgery done and it's been several years and they have not grown back.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's actually really good because chelids are notorious for growing back.
[SPEAKER_09]: So what was the other topic you wanted to talk to us about tonight, Ranma?
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's talk Microsoft for a second.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm going to put this out there for those of you who don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm a former Microsoft employee.
[SPEAKER_00]: There are things that go along back there that do make sense, but at the same time does not.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, I can say this.
[SPEAKER_00]: As long as there is Windows, there will be a Microsoft Surface.
[SPEAKER_00]: As long as there is a Game Pass, there will always be an Xbox.
[SPEAKER_00]: Everybody freaking out that Microsoft is going through
[SPEAKER_00]: Does it matter if they do or not?
[SPEAKER_00]: It's not a big deal.
[SPEAKER_00]: There are people like me who have PlayStation for some games and Xbox for other games.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I know the whole thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: Why get an Xbox?
[SPEAKER_00]: You have a PC.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't game on my PC outside of PSO2 New Genesis.
[SPEAKER_00]: My PC is a studio PC for streaming and editing and all of that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Quick Roundup Broforce, you know?
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm like that.
[SPEAKER_00]: I am not the only person.
[SPEAKER_00]: So, people need to chill and relax.
[SPEAKER_00]: And also, with Game Pass, Microsoft needs a platform to show it what it can do.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's why there will always be an Xbox.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I know some people are thinking, you can do it on PC.
[SPEAKER_00]: No.
[SPEAKER_00]: The Surface is to show off what Windows can do.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's what that's for.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's part of the reason why Microsoft created Surface.
[SPEAKER_00]: That and they got kind of a little butthurt over Apple and iPod and all that stuff, which is understandable.
[SPEAKER_00]: But, is there a Game Pass?
[SPEAKER_09]: You know, there's actually a big, there is a big part of this that you bring up, Ranma, that I do kind of agree with when it comes to Xbox, is that I actually think, you know, and again, it's really weird to talk about this because we just don't fucking know and the news that comes out this next week might blow this whole thing up, but my gut tells me, if nothing else,
[SPEAKER_09]: that if Microsoft were to keep making consoles they might lean into Series S and what that means because I get this feeling that Series S may be coming through for them in a way that maybe X didn't quite do and maybe Microsoft sees a way to sort of position a low-cost alternative device
[SPEAKER_09]: to the PlayStation 5 as something that can be like that gateway, especially what we're talking about.
[SPEAKER_09]: Video games are fucking expensive, especially now you got quadruple A games coming out at a hundred dollar edition with extra shit.
[SPEAKER_09]: Maybe Microsoft wants to put something out there that is like, this is the cheap way to get into playing Game Pass games.
[SPEAKER_09]: And we've seen them kind of needle at this strategy before with the whole, like, remember when they were doing like cell phone style contracts
[SPEAKER_09]: for an Xbox Series S and two years of Game Pass, and then you get that for the monthly fee and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_09]: So I could see where maybe Microsoft and Xbox, maybe they stopped trying to push the limits of what is technically possible and all this, and they start to scale back to what is the low cost way to put gaming in every home.
[SPEAKER_09]: I could see that being the strategy here.
[SPEAKER_00]: And you're right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, part of the issue, without getting too technical, is that, yes, the series S and X are the same, but yet different.
[SPEAKER_00]: You can't play an X game on the S unless it's from the cloud, which makes sense.
[SPEAKER_00]: But for some people, playing in the cloud is slow and choppy, which I get.
[SPEAKER_00]: The coding behind the Series S is slightly different from the X, which is why developers have issues for doing stuff for the S. And I do understand why it sells more, because of the price point.
[SPEAKER_00]: What Microsoft should do... Well, and not everything S is on cloud.
[SPEAKER_09]: Actually, very little of it is.
[SPEAKER_09]: It just, it runs things at lower resolutions and worse frame rate.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's basically what it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_09]: The Xbox is about to disrupt this whole thing with a new console.
[SPEAKER_09]: And that console is what you just said.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's going to be a Series X powered machine with a few of the things stripped out of it at the price of a Series S this far now.
[SPEAKER_09]: That right.
[SPEAKER_02]: They have a digital only Series X coming out here pretty soon.
[SPEAKER_02]: They've already shown that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it's supposed to be two terabytes.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I know they upped the Series S with one terabyte.
[SPEAKER_00]: They announced that in black.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so many people are like,
[SPEAKER_00]: We didn't ask for this.
[SPEAKER_00]: We did not ask for this.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because, as, that Series S is underpowered.
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, it can't even play Xbox One X games properly because of the memory constraints.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's sad.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's, it's gonna be interesting to see.
[SPEAKER_09]: But but again, yeah, it's like, it's one of these whole, like, I just, I just got to wait like four or five more days.
[SPEAKER_09]: And we'll finally have these answers.
[SPEAKER_09]: And we can actually have a conversation about is this really the disruption everyone's making it out to be?
[SPEAKER_09]: Or is this not?
[SPEAKER_09]: Or it's, okay, Microsoft's putting some of their games that didn't do as well as expected the first time on the PS5 to try to find a new audience.
[SPEAKER_09]: Because, because keep in mind, that could just be what this is.
[SPEAKER_09]: That could just very well be what this is, is that it's just Microsoft is going to put their games on more platforms when they don't do well on Xbox out the gate.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's all.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: And again, you have the Microsoft fanboys losing their crap over it.
[SPEAKER_00]: The Sony fanboys losing it.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm like, who hurt you?
[SPEAKER_00]: Really?
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, yeah, if it doesn't cost a lot of money to port the game over, like, why wouldn't you want it on more platforms?
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, especially if it doesn't perform as well as you'd hoped it would.
[SPEAKER_00]: The issue is, between that, those are people that are still pushing for a console war.
[SPEAKER_00]: There has not been a console war since Super Nintendo and Sega Genesis, and I will die on that damn hill.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well... I-I know, I know.
[SPEAKER_00]: There have been others, but I'm just saying, the most memorable one.
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, there was a documentary about it!
[SPEAKER_09]: There was the Dreamcast and the PS2, so bang.
[SPEAKER_09]: I mean, look, we're at the point where Nintendo is doing their thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sony is doing their thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: Microsoft is doing their thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're all being nice, nice on social media.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're not slandering each other.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're just being chill.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's like a different
[SPEAKER_00]: Tribes, you know, we're gonna go do our thing.
[SPEAKER_09]: Meanwhile, you got people in the tribe trying- Let them talk shit about each other in private behind each other's back like normal people do.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's what the YouTubers are, but they just say it out in public.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then I just have to hit an X on their channel because I'm like, I'm not dealing with you.
[SPEAKER_09]: Thank you, you're following the request I put out earlier in the show.
[SPEAKER_09]: It is time to unsubscribe from these dramatic people.
[SPEAKER_00]: In a way, it does make sense.
[SPEAKER_09]: Maybe there is an asterisk.
[SPEAKER_09]: Support professional independent broadcasting.
[SPEAKER_09]: I know that sounds weird.
[SPEAKER_09]: That sounds like a, but you know what I mean?
[SPEAKER_00]: Support mature.
[SPEAKER_00]: You're right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because when you are a YouTube internet gaming journalist and you're promoting your episodes on True Social, I'm just going to hit the X and just keep it walking.
[SPEAKER_00]: No, ma'am.
[SPEAKER_08]: No, ma'am.
[SPEAKER_08]: In the words of the great jazz, in the words of the great jazzman masters, no, ma'am.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anyhow, any other thoughts you want to bring to the table tonight, Ranma?
[SPEAKER_00]: Remember that whole debacle about Ubisoft and gaming and licensing and stuff like that?
[SPEAKER_09]: Yes, but, quickly, SG100 Matt says, support positivity, not toxicity.
[SPEAKER_09]: I love that angle to it.
[SPEAKER_09]: I like that too.
[SPEAKER_09]: Support non-toxic independent broadcasting.
[SPEAKER_09]: I like that.
[SPEAKER_09]: Sia Tabiri also phrases it this way, support independent broadcasting, but use your sense, you dummy.
[SPEAKER_09]: I love that.
[SPEAKER_09]: Anyway, sorry, Ranma.
[SPEAKER_00]: All I'm gonna say is the same thing's happening with Funimation and Crunchyroll, and if you kind of tune into our show this week- I saw that, Drama.
[SPEAKER_09]: Drama.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's- Here's- but here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: Funimation never sold digital anime.
[SPEAKER_00]: When you buy box sets, you get a voucher for the episodes that you bought so you can watch them online.
[SPEAKER_00]: People are just mad they have to get up and pull the disc off their shelf
[SPEAKER_00]: Blow the dust off the case and put it in their console and watch it.
[SPEAKER_09]: with having physical editions.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, that's really funny.
[SPEAKER_09]: I didn't even realize that.
[SPEAKER_09]: That is really, really funny.
[SPEAKER_02]: Still, though, it's still a thing, though, because if you buy it with the expectation that you can do that, then you're still losing something.
[SPEAKER_02]: So regardless of whether it's you're purchasing it just digitally or not, you're still losing value from that.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's still it's still not right.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just stupid rights fighting.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: Valid point, but as per the EULA, you only own a license to view or watch it.
[SPEAKER_00]: But the fact of the matter is, you may have lost a digital copy, but you still have a physical copy of it.
[SPEAKER_00]: And there are people, well, you know, hi, hello, or, you know.
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't know, I feel like between all this, the quadruple A games, the cloud, the Zaslav writing off multi-million dollar movies and now Netflix, I feel like the bubble is about to burst on all of this.
[SPEAKER_09]: I realized that would require Congress doing something which is near impossible.
[SPEAKER_09]: But I'm really trying to hope that maybe some things will shift around in the next few years.
[SPEAKER_09]: And the bubble is really going to burst on this shit, because, you know, we're getting to the point where a lot of people that are lawmakers are people that grew up on video games.
[SPEAKER_09]: We're not quite there yet because we got a lot of we got a lot of real old people still.
[SPEAKER_09]: But, you know.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's coming.
[SPEAKER_09]: where there's going to be people that understand this a lot better.
[SPEAKER_09]: They're going to start to, you know, kind of call these companies out on their bullshit.
[SPEAKER_09]: You already see actually what's his name?
[SPEAKER_09]: Joaquin Castro.
[SPEAKER_09]: I believe a representative from Texas already calling out Warner Brothers on this and this whole thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: So, yeah, I read about that a while back and I without getting into deep because of what Warner Brothers did to the movie, it kind of
[SPEAKER_00]: We kind of feel that in my field of work, per se.
[SPEAKER_00]: But again, I'm far up the ladder where if it was to be affected, I'd just see a raindrop come out the window, but you know.
[SPEAKER_09]: Plug your ears.
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't normally support piracy, but it's going to take one hero to knock Zaslav down a few pegs real quick by doing one simple, very illegal thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, but all the digital copies are watermarked and they'll be able to find out who did it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Unfortunately, they're all digitally watermarked and there's no way to get rid of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, they should still release it or at the very least not allow them to just get a tax write off from it because that's the American tax people are paying for that.
[SPEAKER_02]: So do something like it's ridiculous that they get to work the system like this.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'll say this much when it comes to piracy, and then I'm gonna get off and go do whatever I gotta do.
[SPEAKER_00]: I gotta play Sea of Stars.
[SPEAKER_00]: I was pro-piracy across the board.
[SPEAKER_00]: Get it while you can, yarr har har.
[SPEAKER_00]: But as I got older, I started talking to people in the industry, and I have a different view on it.
[SPEAKER_09]: Same, same.
[SPEAKER_00]: I look at it this way.
[SPEAKER_00]: If you cannot find it through normal means, and the price to acquire it is above your means, see what you gotta do.
[SPEAKER_09]: ZenMonkey11 in chat says it's probably just a bad movie.
[SPEAKER_09]: Let them keep it hidden.
[SPEAKER_09]: You know, you may not be wrong.
[SPEAKER_09]: However, you are
[SPEAKER_00]: And you're all we all see showgirls, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: How would we know?
[SPEAKER_02]: And how would he know it's a bad movie?
[SPEAKER_02]: He allegedly hasn't watched it yet before it's canceled.
[SPEAKER_02]: So how would we know it's a bad movie if it hasn't been viewed by the person that's canceling it?
[SPEAKER_09]: Here's my response to that comment is is you respectfully are forgetting one of the core elements of humanity.
[SPEAKER_09]: People want what they cannot have.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's what it's about.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they had the opportunity to, like, if it was a bad movie, like, here's the thing that doesn't make any sense.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're, they're, they're writing it off for like $30 million out of a $70 million cost for the movie.
[SPEAKER_02]: And yet I think Paramount was willing to pay them the, more than the amount that they would have been able to write it off for.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like,
[SPEAKER_02]: Why not just do that?
[SPEAKER_02]: Then you can also get residuals from it as well.
[SPEAKER_09]: How much did they fucking lose on Waterworld all those years ago?
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, it's because they want to they want to stop paying the residuals for like people.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's why they got rid of all the discovery programs, because they didn't want to pay those people the residual money for airing those on those networks.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's just you just see the CEOs need to be fired.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, out of a cannon into a solid wall.
[SPEAKER_09]: Thank you so much for your positive and impactful call into the program.
[SPEAKER_09]: Please, a quick plug for Anime Jam session because I'm sure there's more people that want to talk about this Funimation and Crunchyroll stuff.
[SPEAKER_09]: Tell us all about it, please.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, we will.
[SPEAKER_00]: We're gonna be talking about that.
[SPEAKER_00]: There has been some cosplay drama in the world that
[SPEAKER_00]: I have to talk about because I know the people involved.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm trying to simmer it out.
[SPEAKER_00]: We got that and a whole lot more over at AnimeJamSession.com, Tuesday nights, 9 p.m.
[SPEAKER_00]: Eastern, right here on Twitch TV slash Anime Jam Session.
[SPEAKER_00]: Proud to be part of the Voice of Geeks Network at VOGNetwork.com.
[SPEAKER_09]: I love that elevator pitch, and it's always great to have you as a part of the network.
[SPEAKER_09]: Ranma, you have a wonderful, fantastic night, and we'll talk to you soon.
[SPEAKER_00]: You got it.
[SPEAKER_00]: And by the way, I learned that from you.
[SPEAKER_09]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: Bye, my friend.
[SPEAKER_09]: What a pal.
[SPEAKER_04]: Now my brain is going, I learned it from watching you.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: I think that is about it.
[SPEAKER_09]: Actually, let me check in with Loki real quick, just to make sure we don't have any last minute stories from Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, I was going to ask you, though, have you seen the Doctor Who The Giggle yet?
[SPEAKER_09]: was that the special?
[SPEAKER_09]: I haven't seen it yet.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, I haven't seen it.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's the one with Neil Patrick Harris playing the Toymaker?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, yeah, no, I haven't seen it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I missed that one, but I need to go back and see it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I saw the one before that that was based off of the 1981 comic.
[SPEAKER_02]: There is a music number in that episode where he dances to Spice Up Your Life.
[SPEAKER_02]: At the very least, just look up the clip online.
[SPEAKER_09]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_09]: He's so good in everything he does.
[SPEAKER_02]: He is absolutely amazing.
[SPEAKER_09]: Alright, well on that note, we are going to wrap things up for the night.
[SPEAKER_09]: Thank you all so much for tuning in tonight.
[SPEAKER_09]: Even with a big football game on TV, y'all made time for us and we appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_09]: And hey, if you listen to us throughout the week on the podcast feed, we, excuse me, we appreciate that too.
[SPEAKER_09]: Thank you so much.
[SPEAKER_09]: If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Science Radio, tell a friend or two about the show.
[SPEAKER_09]: Help us spread the word.
[SPEAKER_09]: We are the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_09]: We need more voices to put out on air.
[SPEAKER_09]: A nice five star review on iTunes, Spotify, or wherever you found this show goes an awful long way as well.
[SPEAKER_09]: Thank you all so much for your continued support.
[SPEAKER_09]: It means everything.
[SPEAKER_09]: Let's wrap it up with some final thoughts and all that good stuff.
[SPEAKER_09]: DarkSakura, I will start with you because I know you are going to be off and streaming some Dead by Daylight.
[SPEAKER_09]: Are you doing more lights out tonight?
[SPEAKER_09]: Or?
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I think I am because I want to finish the the brief tome.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I might I might do killer.
[SPEAKER_06]: I might do survivor.
[SPEAKER_06]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: But it's probably going to be be killer because I want to try out Legion.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think we'll have fun.
[SPEAKER_06]: But yeah, and I'm going to get on my pajamas, play a stealth killer for me like a Myers or I play pig.
[SPEAKER_09]: Oh, yeah, I guess pig stealth.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let me know if you're in there and I'll switch to Myers for you.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay, probably lurk, but we'll see.
[SPEAKER_06]: Just let me know that you're around.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: Later taters.
[SPEAKER_06]: And remember fact check all the things.
[SPEAKER_09]: All right.
[SPEAKER_09]: Take care.
[SPEAKER_06]: Stop regurgitating the shit other people say.
[SPEAKER_09]: Have a good night.
[SPEAKER_09]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_09]: Um, with that, I guess we go to you Loki with your final thought tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: My final thought is I'm super excited that Dropout's Game Changer Season 6 is starting tomorrow.
[SPEAKER_02]: Freaking love that streaming service, but Game Changer is amazing.
[SPEAKER_09]: Alright, my final thought is I want to shout out the Scream Queens Gorlesk here locally, the burlesque troupe I work with and Variety for an amazing show last night.
[SPEAKER_09]: And shout out to Amber Sweet's Rocky Horror Cast for the show they're going to put on this weekend.
[SPEAKER_09]: Had some great, had a great show last night and looking forward to a great show this weekend.
[SPEAKER_09]: Been loving the stage events here in SAC.
[SPEAKER_09]: So yeah, that's that's my final thought.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's 2024 thriving so far.
[SPEAKER_09]: We hope you all are too.
[SPEAKER_09]: Have a great week.
[SPEAKER_09]: We will be back in seven days.
[SPEAKER_09]: And I guarantee.
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, I don't guarantee I shouldn't guarantee anything, but it's adding up to look a lot like we're going to have an awful lot to discuss next week.
[SPEAKER_09]: So be here early.
[SPEAKER_09]: Have a good night, everybody.
[SPEAKER_09]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_10]: You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_10]: Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
[SPEAKER_10]: Join us for our live show.
[SPEAKER_10]: Tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
[SPEAKER_10]: The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.